There was a muffled rushing noise and the faintly acrid smell of ionelectrodes as the Time Translator deposited Mrs.
 Mimms back into theyear 1958.
 Being used to such journeys, she looked calmly about withquick gray eyes, making little flicking gestures with her hands as ifbrushing the stray minutes and seconds from her plain brown coat.
The scene of Mrs.
 Mimms' arrival in the past was the rear of a largesupermarket, more specifically between two packing cases which hadonce contained breakfast foods.
 The excursion through time hadevidently been a smooth one for the smile had not once left Mrs.
Mimms' rotund countenance during the intervening centuries.
Two heavy black suitcases appeared to be the lady's only luggageaccompanying her from the future.
 These she picked up with a sharpgasp and made her way to the front of the shopping center around whichslick new apartment buildings formed a horseshoe.
 Mimms was, as usual, on another assignment for Destinyworkers,Inc.
It was early evening at the Greenlawn Apartments, a time supposedlyof contentment, yet Mrs.
 Mimms was quick to sense the disturbingvibrations in the warm air.
 She pressed through the crowds enteringand leaving the supermarket.
 A faint mustache of perspiration formedon her upper lip.
 No one offered to help her with the bags.
 With aprofessional eye Mrs.
 Mimms noted the drawn mouths, the tenseexpressions typical of the Time Zone and shook her head.
 Central asusual had not been wrong; the Briefing Officer himself had cautionedher on what poor shape the Zonal area was in.
 Mimms on all sides were mostly young men and womenaccompanied by energetic, wriggling children of varying ages.
 Mimms to see the premature lines forming in the youthfulmothers' foreheads, and the gray settling too quickly into the men'shair.
 Mimms, who considered herself not quite in the twilight ofmiddle age, was just 107 that month.
Outbursts of juvenile and adult temper grated harshly in theDestinyworker's ears.
 She witnessed a resounding slap and a child'scry of pain.
 A young mother was shouting angrily: "Couldn't _you_ havekept an eye on her? Do I have to watch her every minute?"Mrs.
 Mimms hurried swiftly on for there was much she had to do.
 Thenshe stopped abruptly before a small delicatessen.
 She entered and gavethe clerk her order:"One package of Orange Pekoe Tea, if you please.
 Tea _leaves_, notbags.
"There were definite advantages, thought Mrs.
 Mimms, in being assignedto any century preceding the Twenty-Third.
 Due to the increasing useof synthetic products in Mrs.
 Mimms' home-century the tea plant, amongother vegetation, had been allowed to become extinct.
 Ever since Mrs.
Mimms' solo assignment to Eighteenth Century England, she had grownexceedingly fond of the beverage.
Ten minutes later Mrs.
 Mimms, one of Destinyworkers' best CertifiedPriority Operators, reached the Renting Office of the GreenlawnApartments.
 "I do hope the Superintendent is still on duty," pantedMrs.
 Mimms, setting her bags down very carefully.
 "If the ResearchDepartment is correct--and it usually is--his hours are from 9 to6:30.
"It was one minute past 6:30 when Mrs.
"Yeah?" boomed a disgruntled voice.
 "Come on in.
 It ain't locked.
""Good evening," said Mrs.
 Mimms to a young man in work clothes seatedbehind a paper-strewn desk.
 "I hope it's not too late for you to showme an apartment tonight.
 It needn't be large.
 Two or three rooms willdo nicely.
 However, I have one stipulation.
""We aim to please at Greenlawn, Ma'am--within reason--you understand.
""I understand," replied the Destinyworker.
 "It is merely that theapartment should, as far as possible, be located in the central partof the building and on a middle floor--not too high or too low.
""No problem there," said the super, consulting a board from which hunga number of keys.
 "Most of 'em want just the opposite--cornerapartments, views, top floor, Southern exposure.
 Young couple left for Europe.
 They want to sublet for therest of the lease.
""I hope the rent is reasonable.
 Mimms received the news with apparent relief.
 Due to thehigh cost of Time Translation and maintenance of workers in otherZones, Destinyworkers, Inc.
, a non-profit organization, had to keepits overhead at a minimum.
"This will do very nicely," Mrs.
 Mimms announced after inspecting theapartment.
 "I should like to move in at once.
" The superintendent thenbrought up his new tenant's suitcases, commented upon their weight,obtained Mrs.
 Mimms' signature on the preliminary lease and left.
Even for younger Destinyworkers, time travel at best was an exhaustingbusiness.
 The bags _had_ been heavy, and Zonal Speech Compliance wasalways a strain at the outset of an assignment.
 Finding a battered pot and a broken cup abandoned by theformer tenants, she heated water on the range and made herself somehot tea.
 Sipping it slowly Mrs.
 Mimms felt the strength returning toher tired system.
Having eaten an early dinner in the future Mrs.
 Mimms was not hungry.
The tea would be sufficient until tomorrow.
 She washed the cupcarefully, put away the pot and then unlocked one of her blacksuitcases.
 From it she extracted a small white card on which there wassome printing and a phone number at the bottom.
 Mimms checked thephone number with the telephone in her new apartment; they were thesame.
 Research was almost _never_ wrong.
 Mimms then took the carddown to the main floor and attached it to a bulletin board with fourthumbtacks.
 The message read:_Mrs.
 Althea Mimms_Professional Companion & BabysitterRates ReasonableBack in her apartment, the time traveler opened the other suitcase.
 Itcontained a batch of weird-looking apparatus which faintly resembled atelevision set, although there were twice the number of dials andknobs.
 To the uninitiated eye the legends under them would have beenperplexing--"Month Selector," "Reverse Day Fast-Forward,""Weekometer," "Minute-Second Divider.
 Mimms however theinstrument was simply standard equipment for all assignments.
 Sheplaced it carefully on the desk in her living room and, one by one,drew out the five sensitive antennae from their sockets.
 Mimmsdid not need to use the electrical outlet under the desk for new d-cion batteries had been installed whose combined guaranteed life wasfive years.
It had grown somewhat late at Greenlawn--the hands of Mrs.
 Mimms'watch were nearing eleven--yet this did not deter her from flickingthe power on.
 She dialed to a position a few hours before on that sameevening and waited for the equipment to warm up.
 A roar of angrystatic and strident voices suddenly filled the room until Mrs.
 Mimmsquickly cut the volume.
 The outburst was definitely an indication thather work was cut out for her.
 Eyeing the red pilot indicator acrosswhich a ribbon of names was flashing she slowly twirled the MasterSelector.
 Images flickered and disappeared on the screen; thensuddenly Mrs.
 Mimms leaned forward anxiously.
 A living room much likeher own came into view and in it a man and a woman faced each othermenacingly.
 The pilot was flashing the name Randolph, Apt.
Reducing the volume slightly, Mrs.
 Mimms listened:"You don't care, Bill Randolph.
 If you cared we could be out somewhereright now.
 My God, it's Saturday night.
 I'll bet the Bairds andSimmons are at a show right now.
 But not us.
 Honestly, I don'tthink you'd stir out of that chair if it weren't for your meals andthe office.
""You're a great one to talk," snapped the young man.
 "Every time wedecide to line something up you get finicky about a sitter.
 How manytimes have we sat for Ruth Whatshername? And we're up at Ellen Fox's acouple of nights, too.
 Then our kid comes down with a cold orsomething and they're not good enough.
 No wonder we never get out.
""Can I help it if Kenny takes after _your_ side of the family? You andyour mother are always coming down with something.
 Iwon't have some other woman taking care of my child when he needs myattention.
 And I _won't_ have these teenage girls for Kenneth withtheir boyfriends lolling all over the sofa.
 I wouldn't have an easyminute while we were away.
 Anyway, when we _do_ get out I don't noticeyou bending over backwards to get tickets for anything decent.
 It'salways something _you_ want to see.
 Those silly Marilyn Monroe movies,for instance.
""What's wrong with Marilyn Monroe? I wouldn't _mind_ being nagged by_her_.
""I see," choked the young woman, biting her lip.
 "Thank you very much.
Of course it's perfectly _OK_ when something is wrong with every othermeal I cook.
 It's _fine_ when Your Majesty doesn't like the dress I'vegot on or the way I have my hair.
 Randolph's rising voice elicited a child's cry from the rear ofthe apartment.
 Both parents stiffened.
"Go ahead, say it, say it was _me_ who woke him up this time," bleatedRandolph.
 He quickly snapped a newspaper up between himself and hiswife.
 Mimms cut the picture and erased the name from the pilotindicator.
 The case was a typical one, routine in fact; yet it was thefirst one of the assignment and Mrs.
 Mimms was moved to expedite it.
She picked up the telephone and placed a call to nearby New York City.
The party answered promptly.
 I didn't know you were in the Twentieth again.
 Whatcan I do for you?""You can arrange some entertainment for me, George.
 Mimms held the phone for a minute.
 Presently the conversationresumed as the voice of George Kahn, Resident Destinyworker, came overthe wire.
"Sorry to be so long, Althea, it took some managing.
 I've got you twoin the orchestra for 'My Fair Lady' on the 28th.
 That's the best ofthe current crop.
 Nice little thing, it'll be running for another fouryears of course.
 Ought to catch it yourself some night.
""I'd love to, George, but I shan't have time.
 Not the way thisassignment's developing.
 You know what to do with the tickets.
 Mimms replaced the telephone in its cradle and turned again tothe Master Selector.
 Among the kaleidoscope of voices and figures notall were scenes of frustration and discontent.
 Yet enough of them wereso that Mrs.
 Mimms was seriously disturbed.
 Then again, the apparatushad its indiscriminate faults: at one scene Mrs.
 Mimms blushed deeplyand flicked the dial to another setting.
 Suddenly she was surprised tohear a familiar voice.
 The pilot monitor showed that it was theapartment of the building superintendent.
 You know it ain't right," the super was saying.
 Hewas sunk deep into an overstuffed chair and there was a can of beer athis elbow.
 "No wonder the kids're getting lousy report cards.
 Theminute they get home from school they park in front of the TV.
 By thetime they're ready for supper they're so excited watching Indians andcowboys and Foreign Legion stuff they can't eat.
 Afterwards they aretoo knocked out to do their homework.
""Don't I know it," said his wife.
 "But you can't forbid them becauseall the other kids are allowed to watch the same things.
 Adele Jonesdown the hall says she has the same trouble.
 They tried taking Brian'sTV away and the kid put up such a fuss they gave it back just to getsome peace.
"The super took a swallow of beer and tapped one of the report cards indisgust.
 Charlotte gets a 'D' in Reading.
 Goddam it, she's asmart enough kid.
 I can't remember when's the last time I saw _either_of them bring a book back from the library.
 Hell, they're too busyworrying about how Sergeant Prestons' going to come out.
""You'd think they'd have more educational stuff on TV.
""I may be only a superintendent," growled the super, "but, by God,those kids are going to college.
 They're gonna have opportunities Inever had.
 Sometimes I got a good mind to kick a hole right throughthat 21" screen.
""Aw, Chuck, honey, take it easy.
 You're the best super this buildingever had.
 I got me a real sweet guy, even if he isn't no collegegraduate.
""I ain't no Biff Baker or Captain Video, either.
 Maybe if I was thekids could watch me and we could dump the TV set.
 Mimms dimmed the screen and recorded the problem briefly in anotebook marked ACTIVE.
 This too was a common enough complaint of theTime Zone.
 Mimms rummaged about in one of the suitcases until sheproduced a brightly colored box.
 Inside the box were a number ofobjects resembling radio condensers with small metal clamps at eitherend.
 Mimms removed one and read the label: FILTER XC8794,Reading.
 _Caution: for best results attach to TV aerial.
 Lasts 2 weeksonly.
 Destroy label before using.
_"I _do_ hope the superintendent's set doesn't have rabbits' ears,"said Mrs.
 Mimms, dialing the super's apartment again to check.
"Hooking these up to a regular aerial is so much easier.
" Thesuperintendent's set luckily had an outside antenna and bymanipulating certain dials, the Destinyworker traced it out and up tothe roof.
 Pressing a button marked TRACER LIGHT, she left the set inoperation and made her way up to the top floor of the apartment house.
Taking the fire exit to the roof, Mrs.
 Mimms found herself among aforest of TV aerials.
 However there was a small circle of light castabout one of them and she went to it and attached the filter.
Returning to her apartment, Mrs.
 Mimms went immediately to bed.
 Shewould have liked a last cup of tea before retiring, but she was tootired to fix it.
The telephone woke the time traveler at half past ten the nextmorning.
 She answered it sleepily.
 It was a young mother, Mrs.
 Mimms _possibly_ come that night? The voicesounded desperate, then relieved when Mrs.
 Mimms answered Yes, shewould be there.
Remembering that she had had nothing to eat since her own century,Mrs.
 Mimms hurried below to the delicatessen and purchased some Danishpastry.
 She looked forward to a cup of strong tea.
 As she waited forthe water to boil, she switched on the apparatus and dialed once ortwice across the band.
 At that hour most of the apartments weresilent.
 Wives were attending to cleaning or washing and the childrenhad been sent out to play.
 Leaving the apparatus for a minute, Mrs.
Mimms made her tea.
 When she returned there was a burst of static onthe loudspeaker, then a loud childish voice and images took shape onthe screen.
"I'm captain of this spaceship, Ronnie Smith," insisted the taller ofthe two youngsters.
 "You gotta do like I say.
 We're the first guys onthis planet, see? We got cut off from the ship by the monsters and weonly got another half hour of oxygen left.
 We gotta shoot our wayback.
 Let's go, Lieutenant Smith.
""Ah, you're always the captain," muttered Lt.
 Smith mutinously, thoughinaudibly under his F.
 Schwartz plastic helmet.
 The two Earthlingsadvanced cautiously across the parking lot in the rear of theapartment building, mowing down the aliens like flies with theiratomic ray guns.
 See me get that one, Smith?" screamed the captainmurderously.
 "Right in the belly, look at the guts.
 Bigspiders, about twenty feet tall.
 There's some more.
 Make every shotcount, Smith.
 We gotta make the ship before they do.
""I just blasted five of 'em with one shot," bragged Lt.
 Smith,leveling his pistol at a particularly large alien and watching itdissolve.
Fighting their way desperately across the parking lot the spacemenfinally made the Smith family car in safety.
 "Blast off immediately,Lt.
 Smith," ordered the captain.
 The rocket wavered for a minute androse.
 "Wait a minute, Smith.
 I seen Rocky Morgan do this once in acomic book.
 No member of the Space Patrol lets an alien get awayalive.
 We got to kill 'em all.
 Head back and we'll get the rest of 'emwith the hydrogen artillery.
" Accordingly the ship swept low over thestrange planet.
" Twin sheets of imaginary flame burstfrom the rocket and the remainder of the faltering spider-monstersperished horribly.
Shaking her head, Mrs.
 Mimms spun the Master Selector until the screenwent blank.
 An avid space traveler herself (she was especially fond ofa nice Lunar trip at vacation time), the negative implications of thischildish violence had a depressing effect on Mrs.
 She noted theincident down in her notebook and starred it for special attention.
Like any woman in any century, Mrs.
 Mimms had an infallible remedy forcheering herself up.
 She went shopping.
 By economizing on her expenseaccount she found it possible to afford a tiny luxury now and then.
 Mimms bought a badly needed blouse and some facial cream.
 Shealso bought some groceries and a newspaper.
 After a modest meal, shefound that she had an hour before her babysitting assignment.
 Openingthe newspaper to the sports page, she indulged in one of theamusements common among Certified Priority Operators.
 Glancing downthe list of tomorrow's daily-double she checked the names of horsesto win, place and show.
 Mimms made her selections merely by thesound of the names.
 She then turned a knob marked Tomorrow and dialedabout with the Master Selector until the image of a man reading anewspaper appeared on the screen.
 She waited until he turned to thesports page before seeing how she had done.
 She had done poorly.
 Onlyone winner out of seven races.
 Of course, using the Destiny apparatusitself for personal gain was a violation of the Direct Influencing ofPersonal Fate Clause and was sufficient reason for losing her CPOticket.
 Mimms returned from babysitting it was after midnight.
 A cupof tea at her elbow, she sat down before the screen.
 There was a partyjust breaking up in the far building.
 Some people above her werewatching the late show on TV.
 A couple on her own floor were arguingabout money but the argument seemed to be nearly over and Mrs.
 Mimmsdid not intrude further.
 Suddenly the pilot marked URGENT startedflashing and the blurs on the screen sharpened into a young man andwoman seated across from each other in the apartment where the partyhad been.
 Half-finished drinks and ash trays full of stubs lay about.
Husband and wife were both slightly drunk and being very frank witheach other.
"I don't know how we got off on _this_," remarked the man.
 "WheneverGeorge gets a couple of drinks in him he starts popping off aboutpolitics and the fate of the world.
 He doesn't know a damn thing abouteither.
""Well, at least he's optimistic," the young woman said, kicking offher shoes.
"You can say that again! Fifty years from now, according to George,we'll all be living in plastic houses with three helicopters in eachgarage.
 There won't be any unemployment, we'll have a four-day week,atomic energy'll be doing all the heavy work, mankind'll have realizedthe futility of war, everything'll be just hunky-dory.
 Nuts! Guys likeGeorge make me sick.
""But good Lord, honey, if everyone felt like you there wouldn't _be_any world.
 Maybe things won't be perfect but life's got to go on.
""Go on to what?" muttered the husband, polishing off his wateryhighball.
 "--To a great big beautiful cloud of atomic fallout, that'swhat.
 Don't laugh either, because everything points that way and youknow it.
 Sputniks and ICBMs zooming around, both sides stockpilinglike crazy, half the world scrapping as it is.
 It's just a question ofwho tosses the first match and then blooie! Hell, Julie, it's not thatI don't _want_ another kid.
 It's just that I don't think it's fair tocreate human life and turn it loose in this--this holocaust.
"The young woman got up and sat on the arm of his chair and strokedhis hair.
 "Oh Bill, honey, it's _wrong_ to think like that.
 Don't yousee how wrong it is?" Suddenly she wrinkled her nose at him andwhispered some words in his ear.
 They were in the specialbaby-language which had sprung up around the first child.
Then she said tipsily: "A baby is such a tiny thing.
""Yeah," said her husband, "you feed them and take care of them andwatch them grow and it's swell.
 Just like the fatted calf.
 Then youflip open the evening paper and wonder whether they'll have the goodluck to die in their beds at a ripe old age.
 I tell you I'm honestlyfrightened of where we're going.
"*       *       *       *       *There were tense little crow's feet about Mrs.
 Mimms' eyes as shecleared the screen.
 She reached immediately for the telephone anddialed a number.
 A couple of seconds later the ResidentDestinyworker's voice said, "Hello?""George, this is Althea.
 I'm sorry to be calling so late but I have aCondition Twelve case.
"George Kahn's voice was instantly alert.
 "Male?""Yes, and a good Third Intensity.
 Here are the coordinates if you wantto rerun it yourself.
 Mimms read some figures off the dials.
"I'm authorized a week's night-teleportation but I only have thestandard equipment of course.
 You have the Viele apparatus over there,haven't you?""Yes, but frankly, Althea, even with the Viele we're limited in whatwe can do.
 I don't have to tell you that's getting pretty close toDirect Influence.
 I tampered with it myself a couple of years ago andgot a stiff reprimand from Central.
""But, George, this is a _Twelve_.
 A serious one.
 The files at Centralare full of Anti-Population Projectographs.
 All that might-have-beentalent that's lost in every Time Zone! Think what might have happenedif we hadn't interfered in the Voltaire case! Why we might even havelost Darwin himself if Mr.
 Wentworth hadn't insisted on three nightsof the Viele for Darwin's parents.
""Well, yes," admitted the Resident Destinyworker.
 "All right, Althea,I'll give him a week's dream kinesis if you insist but just rememberthe Sophistication Curve in the Twentieth.
 You'll probably have tosupplement it with some work of your own.
""Thank you George, I will.
""And Althea--""Yes?""You sound tired.
 Get a good night's rest.
 The Mid-Twentieth's a toughZone and the Chief would not want one of his best CPO's taking on morethan she can handle.
 Personally, I think you ought to ask him for anice soft assignment in the Future Division next trip.
 "I'll leave the glamor to the youngsters, George,they're much better at it.
 Besides," she added, "there isn't any teathere.
 Mimms would have liked a cup, but she was much too tiredto prepare it.
*       *       *       *       *Three weeks after Mrs.
 Mimms' arrival at the Greenlawn Apartments, thesuperintendent was repairing a leaky faucet on the top floor.
 Thehousewife watched him as he gave the nut a final twist with his wrenchand stood up.
"Thanks for coming up and looking at it so soon, Mr.
 Seely," she said.
 Seely and the children?""Good Mrs.
 Dorne, real good, thanks.
 Especially the kids after thatnew TV show came on.
 "Which one is that?""It ain't on no more," said the super, "but, boy, while it lasted thekids sure got a kick out of it.
 That little Charlotte of mine, she'sgoing to be a real egghead.
""Well what kind of a show was it?""Reading," said the super.
 I ain't sure what theycalled it, but I know there wasn't no sponsor.
 Maybe that's why itlasted only two weeks or so.
 Some kind of test show I guess it was.
""I guess we missed it listening to something else.
 What channel was iton?""Now that you mention it I'm darned if I remember," Chuck Seely said.
"The kids just come home from school one night and parked in front ofthe TV like always and instead of the westerns and like that here'sthis guy, just reading.
 It lasted about an hour every night, wecouldn't drag the kids away.
 Me and the wife got in the habit watchingit too.
""Was it Charles Laughton? He has a reading program.
 I never saw the guy before, but what a voice! Nocommercials, no scenery, no nothin' except this guy reading.
 Somethingdifferent every night, too.
 Stuff like Dickens and famous writers likethat.
 I never heard a voice like this guy had, you couldn't stoplistening.
 Then you know what he'd do at the end of the show?""What?""He'd tell the kids to go get a pencil and write down the names ofmore books to get at the library.
 And you know what? The kids _do_ it.
That Charlotte, the other night she brings home some Shakespearestories for kids by a guy named Lamb.
 She makes me read 'em to her,too.
 Get a load o' me reading Shakespeare.
 I got to admit they'repretty good stories.
 That Charlotte's going to be a real egghead.
""We usually have our TV on around supper time.
 It's funny we missedit.
""I checked TV Guide but it was not listed," said the super.
 "It wassome kind of test show.
 I guess this guy couldn't find a sponsor.
"*       *       *       *       *A week after this incident Betty Randolph picked up the telephone andsaid, "Hello?" It was Dot on the ground floor.
 Ed had phoned earlierand said he'd be a little late.
 Betty felt relaxed and just in themood for some woman talk.
"Dot, you'll never guess where we were last night," she said.
 "We sawMy Fair Lady, imagine! Don't you envy me?"There was a gasp at the other end of the line.
 "Betty Randolph, youdidn't! We've been on the waiting list for six months.
 Where in theworld did you get tickets?""That's the weird part of it.
 A messenger just delivered them to Ed inthe office one morning.
 They were in a plain envelope marked 'Mr.
Randolph' and a card inside said 'Hope you enjoy them--George.
' Edthinks the messenger made a mistake and got the wrong building orsomething because Ed's the only Randolph there.
 Anyway, by the time Edopened the envelope the messenger was gone.
 There wasn't anything todo but use the tickets of course.
""Of all the luck! Maybe you and Ed've got a fairy Godmother orsomething.
 What'd you do for a sitter?""Oh, we were nearly insane finding one.
 Jane and Tina were busy and weknew you were away for the weekend.
 Fortunately we phoned this Mrs.
Mimms and she was available.
 Kenneth _loved_ her.
""Isn't she _nice_? That woman's a wonder with children.
 Dicky and Sueare as good as gold when she's around and she always seems to be freewhen you want her.
 She's so cheap, too, I don't see how the womanlives.
""Glory we had a good time!" sighed Betty.
 "We had drinks and filetmignon at a nice little place near the theater and forgot all aboutkids for a while.
 It was like going on a date again.
 I had on myred-and-gold dress I haven't worn for months and Ed kept telling mehow cute I looked.
"*       *       *       *       *"Zoom, zoom," the captain kept saying.
 The spaceship swooped in for alanding on the crimson Martian sands.
 Captain Bobby Taylor took up aposition before the air-lock and briefed his second-in-command, RonnieSmith.
 "We're surrounded by enemy aliens, Smith," announced CaptainTaylor.
 "Better break out the death-ray pistols.
 Our mission is todestroy every metal monster on this planet.
 Look at 'em come! They goteight legs and sixteen wire arms.
""Ah, cut it out, Bobby.
 I ain't playing science-fiction with you anymore.
 It ain't like you say at all.
""What's it like then, wise guy? I suppose _you_ been to Mars.
""Maybe I ain't," said Lt.
 "Anyways I know somebody that _has_.
 She babysits with me when Mom and Dad go out.
 She's beenall over in space.
 Venus and all them other planets.
 She says thereain't any monsters on any of 'em.
 There ain't _nuthin_ on Mars excepta little bitty grass and a lot of scientists from Earth.
""Mad scientists?" asked Captain Taylor hopefully.
 She says we oughta forget about monsters andplay the right way.
 You know, like with atomic reactors and radarcommunication and growing new kinds of food for Earth colonies.
""Ah I don't believe it.
 She'd hafta be from someplace in the future.
She'd hafta come here by time machine or something, wouldn't she?""That's what she did," Lt.
 Smith informed the captain.
 "She showed mepictures to prove it.
 Pictures of her last vacation on the moon.
 Yououghta see what they done to the place.
 She's from the future, allright.
""Then she ain't supposed to tell anybody about it, is she?"Lt.
 Smith waved his hand airily.
 "She says it's OK to tell kidsbecause grownups wouldn't believe it anyway.
 Get your mother to lether sit for you next time.
 She'll show you the pictures if you askher.
 Heck, it's no fun playing monsters now.
""Well, look," said Captain Taylor magnanimously, "supposing I let yoube Captain today.
 You can pretend any kind of stuff you want.
""OK," said the new Captain, and immediately postulated a giganticatomic reactor on the planet Pluto.
*       *       *       *       *The doctor had said Julie should not, but she had another cup ofcoffee anyway.
 She drank it and then lit a cigarette.
 Immediately shefelt a twinge of the morning sickness and wisely snubbed it out in theashtray.
 She was so happy it almost didn't hurt at all.
 I'm pregnantagain, she thought, that's the important thing.
 Julie hugged herselfand thought again of Mrs.
 Mimms and her tea leaves.
 It was thesilliest thing, she told herself, you didn't base important decisionson tea leaves.
 Not _tea_ leaves.
 It was right after the week Bill hadbeen having those queer dreams that they'd decided, well, to go ahead.
Julie remembered Bill's face as he sat on the edge of her beddescribing one of the dreams to her as she laid there.
"It was vivid as hell, honey," Bill had said.
 "Maybe I ought to giveup eating cheese sandwiches at night or something.
 It's like dreamingon the installment plan.
 Every time I'm someplace different and someguy in a weird suit is showing me around.
 Last night I could swear itwas somewhere in New York, only the buildings were a lot taller andthere were kind of triple-decker ramp things with nutty-looking carson them and the people all wore tight-fitting clothes.
 Then all of asudden we were down on what looked like the Battery and the guy showedme a big cookie-shaped thing out in the harbor with planes that lookedlike flying saucers landing and taking off from it.
 Hell, maybe it'sgoing to be George Humphry's kind of world after all a couple ofhundred years from now.
"*       *       *       *       *Then a night or two later they'd gone out to a movie.
 She'd been luckyto get Mrs.
 Mimms to sit with Georgie.
 After they got back Mrs.
 Mimmshad made some tea--_real_ tea she'd brought from her own apartment.
When she offered to tell their fortunes in the leaves, Julie began togiggle .
 until she saw Bill was taking it perfectly seriously.
 Maybeit was the quiet way Mrs.
 Mimms had discussed their futures over thebrown leaves, as if she'd been there herself.
 Funny old duck.
Wonderful with Georgie, though; and the other girls swore by her.
 Billhadn't batted an eye when she predicted it would be a girl this time,and perfectly healthy and all right.
Julie peeked into the bedroom where Georgie was sleeping and pulledthe blanket up under his chin.
 "According to Mrs.
 Mimms, my lad,you'll be getting a baby sister soon," she whispered.
 Bill _had_changed lately.
 Not so gloomy somehow, nicer.
 But _tea_ leaves, forHeaven's sake, they couldn't have anything to do with.
She stopped trying to figure it out because the nausea returned.
 Thistime it was bad and she had to run for the bathroom.
*       *       *       *       *The crisp directive--Zonally disguised as a contemporary telegram--wasforwarded to Mrs.
 Mimms on a Monday night.
 Although it bore theResident Destinyworker's address, it had come of course directly fromthe Chief's office for the code word DESTWORK headed the message.
Decoded, it read:URGENT YOU CLOSE OUT PRESENT ASSIGNMENT IN DAY OR TWO.
CONDITION 16 IN 22ND CENTURY APPROACHING CRISIS.
 IMPORTANTALL AVAILABLE PERSONNEL BE CONCENTRATED.
 PICK-UP AT POINT OFENTRY ACCORDING TO PROCEDURE.
 BRIEFING TO COME FROM KEYRESIDENTS.
 ALL VACATIONS AND LEAVES-OF-ABSENCE HEREWITHCANCELLED.
 It was always this way she reflected.
 Central wasperpetually short of experienced help.
 The younger Destinyworkers,fresh from the colleges, always wanted to traipse off into the futurewhere nothing practical ever got done.
 Oh, they argued, you couldalways read about the past if you wanted to and, anyway, since DirectInfluence on Historic Continuum was strictly forbidden, what was thegood of wandering around in musty yesterdays? Mrs.
 Mimms however knewbetter and so did every other member of the small cadre of qualifiedCPO's.
 A good CPO, a dedicated one, could always find loopholes in theDestiny Code.
 The past _could_ be shaped in little ways even if theorganization _was_ powerless to stop major catastrophes.
At any rate orders were orders and Mrs.
 Mimms began to consider thepractical side of leaving Greenlawn.
 Packing was no problem.
 All CPO'swere required to be Translation Alert in half an hour if necessary,inclusive of destroying all telltale evidence such as notes, papers,etc.
 Her apparatus was in perfect working order and the rent for thatmonth was paid.
 Mimms passed over these details quickly.
 She wasthinking: it was invariably the _priorees_ who suffered in emergencyconversions.
The case book labeled ACTIVE was open on the table.
 There were twofull pages alone of babysitting appointments she would have to cancelnot to speak of the more serious cases, some of which were Second andThird Intensity.
 A heavy discouragement settled over Mrs.
 Mimms as shesat down at the apparatus to check certain images as they came andwent on the screen.
 The Nortons, who hadn't been out for weeks, werefighting again; that date would have to be canceled.
 The delinquentattitude developing in the Bradley youngster was going to rob theworld of a great scientist unless Mr.
 Bradley's business got back onits feet and he could spend more time with his son; Mrs.
 Mimms had asimple campaign mapped out for this, but it would take time--more timethan she had left.
 Then there was the cocktail party the Haskells hadbeen planning for weeks and Frank Haskell's boss was going to bethere; Mrs.
 Mimms had left that date open especially because Frank'smother who had promised to take the kids overnight was going to besick and they'd have to get someone to help her.
 And that teenagepicnic--there would be trouble unless she, and not someone else, werechaperoning it.
She dared not think of the growing list of Third Intensities.
 AnotherCondition Twelve in the far building and one developing on the floordirectly above.
 Crippled old Mrs.
 Schaefer on the ground floor who hadtried to commit suicide before with an overdose of sleepingtablets--and might certainly try it again if Mrs.
 Mimms didn't spend afew hours with her every week.
 And, as usual, on every assignmentafter a few months had gone by, the exhausting sleep-beaming byDestiny apparatus of the cases where she had no direct contact.
 Therewas the young doctor on the third floor who was becoming addicted tohis own morphine supply.
 The campaign against Mrs.
 Jamison's frigiditywhich would be getting results in a few weeks.
 And the theft ofcompany funds which the middle-aged clerk in B-18 was contemplating.
Yes, it was always the priorees who suffered on an incompleteassignment.
 Not to speak of the Destinyworker involved.
 All the monthsof careful work building up, an event here, a circumstance there,only to let the delicate fabric slip back again into the impersonalHistoric Continuum.
 It wasn't fair, thought Mrs.
 You weresuddenly transferred to another Time Zone and there was no one tocarry on.
 The answer from Central was always the same: NO AVAILABLEPERSONNEL.
 Not even a trainee.
 Not even--Then Mrs.
 Mimms remembered the young salesman.
 It had been aparticularly hectic day at Central.
 Mimms and the BriefingOfficer were conferring in the Chief's Office when the Chief finallypressed a buzzer in irritation and said, "He's still there? All right,I'll see him if he can state his case in five minutes.
" There werefirm, tired lines around the Chief's full-lipped mouth.
 All day longthe Translation Rooms had smelled of over-ionized electrodes asDestinyworkers arrived by the dozens from various Time Zones.
 Twothirds of the entire Past Division was being recalled and reassignedto a Condition 14 in the Twenty-Third--elimination of a teenage fadwhich was getting out of hand in North America.
 The Chief had smiledwanly as the young salesman shook hands and plunged into his salestalk.
"I know how busy you are, sir; thank you for seeing me.
 My firm,Duplicanicals Unlimited, believes it has the answer to your employmentproblem.
 Frankly, it's so simple that I'm amazed you haven't called onus to serve you before.
 Briefly, our plan is this.
 Your Operators gointo the various Time Zones as usual and lay the preliminarygroundwork (of course Duplicanicals _realizes_ there's no _real_substitute for humanoid tactics at the outset of any case).
 Then,"said the young man, bringing home his point triumphantly, "when thehuman Operator is needed elsewhere, a new model, low-cost Duplicanicaltakes over and carries on the work.
 Yes, every Duplicanical purchasedfrom our firm can release a Destinyworker for an assignment in anotherTime Zone.
 A few basic specifications is all that our plant needs toduplicate any Destinyworker down to--if I may say so--the slightestdetail.
 In emergencies, a simple photograph will do.
 Our skilledcraftsmen can deliver a finished model to your offices in a matter ofhours.
 Android construction guaranteed throughout at rock bottomprices.
 Why, a child could follow the simple instructions enclosedwith every.
"But already the Chief had turned back to the map of North America; hehad smiled politely and told the salesman to leave any literature hehad with his secretary.
 Mimms made a decision.
She picked up the telephone and dialed a number.
 Even before theResident Destinyworker had time for a greeting, Mrs.
 Mimms said:"George, I want to send a message to Central.
 Make it a flatPriority-to-Present; there's no time to waste with a Zonal RelayLetter.
 ATTENTION: CHIEF, DESTINYWORKERS, INC.
"*       *       *       *       *It was early evening when Eighty-One (Female, Duplicanical Pat.
Pending U17809) entered the apartment and carefully set down the twoblack suitcases.
 For an hour she had been seated on the bus which hadcarried her from the address in New York out to Greenlawn.
 All thewhile she had been smiling faintly as per Similarity Instruction 3.
Eighty-One's cybertechnic brain hummed smoothly as she unpacked thebags and set up the Destiny apparatus (Work Instruction 17).
 Althoughshe was neither cold nor hot, she removed the plain brown coat (HumanFunction 55).
 From Eighty-One's chest there came the nearlyimperceptible ticking of her rotary stabilizer; it lessened slightlywhen she sat down at the desk as the take-up tension relaxed on keybearings.
From one of the black suitcases she took a copy of _TheDestinyworker's Manual & Guide_ and also a photocopy of a notebookmarked ACTIVE.
 She opened both books simultaneously and began to read.
Without a glance at the bed behind her, she turned the pages slowlyand uniformly until next morning when the books were finished.
Word-for-word copies of them were now lightly etched on the tape reelsbehind her deftly molded Pigma-Foam forehead, and even now were beingfed into the Action-and-Motion Editor at the base of her Myoplasticskull.
Satisfied, Eighty-One raised her hand in Female Instinctive Function14 and smoothed her graying Spun-Tex hair, feeling the hard stitchingon the scalp beneath.
Then the telephone rang and Eighty-One picked it up.
"This is Clair Howard in C-12, Mrs.
 I'm so shamed to ask onsuch short notice but I'm _desperate_ for a sitter tomorrow afternoon.
Can you possibly come over?""Why of course," answered the Duplicanical.
*       *       *       *       *End of Project Gutenberg's The Amazing Mrs.
 Mimms, by David C.
 Knight*** END OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK THE AMAZING MRS.
 MIMMS ******** This file should be named 31585.
zip *****This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:http://www.
org/3/1/5/8/31585/Produced by Sankar Viswanathan, Greg Weeks, and the OnlineDistributed Proofreading Team at http://www.
netUpdated editions will replace the previous one--the old editionswill be renamed.
Creating the works from public domain print editions means that noone owns a United States copyright in these works, so the Foundation(and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United States withoutpermission and without paying copyright royalties.
  Special rules,set forth in the General Terms of Use part of this license, apply tocopying and distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works toprotect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm concept and trademark.
  ProjectGutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if youcharge for the eBooks, unless you receive specific permission.
  If youdo not charge anything for copies of this eBook, complying with therules is very easy.
  You may use this eBook for nearly any purposesuch as creation of derivative works, reports, performances andresearch.
  They may be modified and printed and given away--you may dopractically ANYTHING with public domain eBooks.
  Redistribution issubject to the trademark license, especially commercialredistribution.
*** START: FULL LICENSE ***THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSEPLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORKTo protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the freedistribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "ProjectGutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full ProjectGutenberg-tm License (available with this file or online athttp://gutenberg.
  General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project Gutenberg-tmelectronic works1.
  By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tmelectronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree toand accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property(trademark/copyright) agreement.
  If you do not agree to abide by allthe terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroyall copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your possession.
If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a ProjectGutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound by theterms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the person orentity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.
  "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark.
  It may only beused on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people whoagree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.
  There are a fewthings that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic workseven without complying with the full terms of this agreement.
  Seeparagraph 1.
  There are a lot of things you can do with ProjectGutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreementand help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm electronicworks.
  See paragraph 1.
  The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the Foundation"or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection of ProjectGutenberg-tm electronic works.
  Nearly all the individual works in thecollection are in the public domain in the United States.
  If anindividual work is in the public domain in the United States and you arelocated in the United States, we do not claim a right to prevent you fromcopying, distributing, performing, displaying or creating derivativeworks based on the work as long as all references to Project Gutenbergare removed.
  Of course, we hope that you will support the ProjectGutenberg-tm mission of promoting free access to electronic works byfreely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm works in compliance with the terms ofthis agreement for keeping the Project Gutenberg-tm name associated withthe work.
  You can easily comply with the terms of this agreement bykeeping this work in the same format with its attached full ProjectGutenberg-tm License when you share it without charge with others.
  The copyright laws of the place where you are located also governwhat you can do with this work.
  Copyright laws in most countries are ina constant state of change.
  If you are outside the United States, checkthe laws of your country in addition to the terms of this agreementbefore downloading, copying, displaying, performing, distributing orcreating derivative works based on this work or any other ProjectGutenberg-tm work.
  The Foundation makes no representations concerningthe copyright status of any work in any country outside the UnitedStates.
  Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:1.
  The following sentence, with active links to, or other immediateaccess to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear prominentlywhenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work on which thephrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the phrase "ProjectGutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed, performed, viewed,copied or distributed:This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and withalmost no restrictions whatsoever.
  You may copy it, give it away orre-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License includedwith this eBook or online at www.
  If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is derivedfrom the public domain (does not contain a notice indicating that it isposted with permission of the copyright holder), the work can be copiedand distributed to anyone in the United States without paying any feesor charges.
  If you are redistributing or providing access to a workwith the phrase "Project Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on thework, you must comply either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.
7 or obtain permission for the use of the work and theProject Gutenberg-tm trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.
  If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is postedwith the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distributionmust comply with both paragraphs 1.
7 and any additionalterms imposed by the copyright holder.
  Additional terms will be linkedto the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works posted with thepermission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.
  Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tmLicense terms from this work, or any files containing a part of thiswork or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.
  Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute thiselectronic work, or any part of this electronic work, withoutprominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.
1 withactive links or immediate access to the full terms of the ProjectGutenberg-tm License.
  You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including anyword processing or hypertext form.
  However, if you provide access to ordistribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format other than"Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official versionposted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm web site (www.
org),you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense to the user, provide acopy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means of obtaining a copy uponrequest, of the work in its original "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or otherform.
  Any alternate format must include the full Project Gutenberg-tmLicense as specified in paragraph 1.
  Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm worksunless you comply with paragraph 1.
  You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providingaccess to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works providedthat- You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive fromthe use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the methodyou already use to calculate your applicable taxes.
  The fee isowed to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but hehas agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to theProject Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation.
  Royalty paymentsmust be paid within 60 days following each date on which youprepare (or are legally required to prepare) your periodic taxreturns.
  Royalty payments should be clearly marked as such andsent to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at theaddress specified in Section 4, "Information about donations tothe Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation.
"- You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifiesyou in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/hedoes not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tmLicense.
  You must require such a user to return ordestroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical mediumand discontinue all use of and all access to other copies ofProject Gutenberg-tm works.
- You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.
3, a full refund of anymoney paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in theelectronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 daysof receipt of the work.
- You comply with all other terms of this agreement for freedistribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.
  If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project Gutenberg-tmelectronic work or group of works on different terms than are setforth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing fromboth the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and MichaelHart, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark.
  Contact theFoundation as set forth in Section 3 below.
  Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerableeffort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofreadpublic domain works in creating the Project Gutenberg-tmcollection.
  Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm electronicworks, and the medium on which they may be stored, may contain"Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate orcorrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other intellectualproperty infringement, a defective or damaged disk or other medium, acomputer virus, or computer codes that damage or cannot be read byyour equipment.
  LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Rightof Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.
3, the ProjectGutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the ProjectGutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a ProjectGutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim allliability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legalfees.
  YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICTLIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSEPROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH F3.
  YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THETRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BELIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE ORINCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCHDAMAGE.
  LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover adefect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you canreceive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending awritten explanation to the person you received the work from.
  If youreceived the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium withyour written explanation.
  The person or entity that provided you withthe defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of arefund.
  If you received the work electronically, the person or entityproviding it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity toreceive the work electronically in lieu of a refund.
  If the second copyis also defective, you may demand a refund in writing without furtheropportunities to fix the problem.
  Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forthin paragraph 1.
3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS' WITH NO OTHERWARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TOWARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.
  Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain impliedwarranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages.
If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement violates thelaw of the state applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall beinterpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted bythe applicable state law.
  The invalidity or unenforceability of anyprovision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.
  INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, thetrademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyoneproviding copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in accordancewith this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the production,promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works,harmless from all liability, costs and expenses, including legal fees,that arise directly or indirectly from any of the following which you door cause to occur: (a) distribution of this or any Project Gutenberg-tmwork, (b) alteration, modification, or additions or deletions to anyProject Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any Defect you cause.
  Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tmProject Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution ofelectronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computersincluding obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers.
  It existsbecause of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations frompeople in all walks of life.
Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with theassistance they need, are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm'sgoals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection willremain freely available for generations to come.
  In 2001, the ProjectGutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secureand permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future generations.
To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundationand how your efforts and donations can help, see Sections 3 and 4and the Foundation web page at http://www.
  Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary ArchiveFoundationThe Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of thestate of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the InternalRevenue Service.
  The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identificationnumber is 64-6221541.
  Its 501(c)(3) letter is posted athttp://pglaf.
  Contributions to the Project GutenbergLiterary Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extentpermitted by U.
 federal laws and your state's laws.
The Foundation's principal office is located at 4557 Melan Dr.
, but its volunteers and employees are scatteredthroughout numerous locations.
  Its business office is located at809 North 1500 West, Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887, emailbusiness@pglaf.
  Email contact links and up to date contactinformation can be found at the Foundation's web site and officialpage at http://pglaf.
orgFor additional contact information:Dr.
 NewbyChief Executive and Directorgbnewby@pglaf.
  Information about Donations to the Project GutenbergLiterary Archive FoundationProject Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without widespread public support and donations to carry out its mission ofincreasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can befreely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widestarray of equipment including outdated equipment.
  Many small donations($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exemptstatus with the IRS.
The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulatingcharities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the UnitedStates.
  Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes aconsiderable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep upwith these requirements.
  We do not solicit donations in locationswhere we have not received written confirmation of compliance.
  ToSEND DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for anyparticular state visit http://pglaf.
orgWhile we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where wehave not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibitionagainst accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states whoapproach us with offers to donate.
International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot makeany statements concerning tax treatment of donations received fromoutside the United States.
 laws alone swamp our small staff.
Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donationmethods and addresses.
  Donations are accepted in a number of otherways including checks, online payments and credit card donations.
To donate, please visit: http://pglaf.
  General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronicworks.
 Hart is the originator of the Project Gutenberg-tmconcept of a library of electronic works that could be freely sharedwith anyone.
  For thirty years, he produced and distributed ProjectGutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of volunteer support.
Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printededitions, all of which are confirmed as Public Domain in the U.
unless a copyright notice is included.
  Thus, we do not necessarilykeep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper edition.
Most people start at our Web site which has the main PG search facility:http://www.
orgThis Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg LiteraryArchive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how tosubscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.
The Project Gutenberg EBook of Prisoners in Devil's Bog, by Hugh LloydThis eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and withalmost no restrictions whatsoever.
  You may copy it, give it away orre-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License includedwith this eBook or online at www.
org/licenseTitle: Prisoners in Devil's BogAuthor: Hugh LloydIllustrator: Seymour FogelRelease Date: July 26, 2014 [EBook #46417]Language: English*** START OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK PRISONERS IN DEVIL'S BOG ***Produced by Roger Frank and the Online DistributedProofreading Team at http://www.
net[Illustration: THE CELLAR YIELDED NOTHING IN THEIR SEARCH BUT MOULDYRUBBISH AND ANCIENT COBWEBS.
Frontispiece (Page 111)]------------------------------------------------------------------------_A SKIPPY DARE MYSTERY STORY_PRISONERS IN DEVIL'S BOGBYHUGH LLOYDAuthor ofThe Hal Keen Mystery StoriesILLUSTRATED BYSEYMOUR FOGELGROSSET & DUNLAPPUBLISHERS    NEW YORK------------------------------------------------------------------------Copyright, 1934, byGROSSET & DUNLAP, Inc.
All Rights ReservedPrinted in the United States of America------------------------------------------------------------------------CONTENTSI ON THE TRAILII CRASHING INIII A BARGAINIV JOHN DOEV A FRIENDLY FACEVI A SUSPICIONVII THE HOUSE FORGOTTENVIII TIMMYIX TRAPPEDX THE WAY OF DEVLINXI OVERHEARDXII THE STORMXIII THE EVERGREEN TREEXIV TALK AMONG FRIENDSXV HIS JOBXVI A NOTEXVII A CHANGE OF PLANSXVIII THE SEARCHXIX HOPE IN THE ATTICXX TIMMY?XXI DO DREAMS COME TRUE?XXII DEVLIN'S RETURNXXIII NICKIE REASONSXXIV WAITINGXXV A PASSING FACEXXVI GOLDEN OPPORTUNITYXXVII ACCUSATIONSXXVIII THE MICE WILL PLAYXXIX A SLIPXXX DEVIL'S BOGXXXI DOOMEDXXXII ANOTHER DAY------------------------------------------------------------------------PRISONERS IN DEVIL'S BOGCHAPTER ION THE TRAILWhen Skippy Dare entered the big office building he found himself in anenchanted realm.
 He had never before visited one of these commercialpalaces and he gazed about him in speechless awe.
 He found therevolving door so delightful that it seemed like some freakishentertainment in an amusement park, and he indulged himself with thegiddy sensation of going around and around in it until a uniformedelevator starter brusquely ordered him out.
Instead, he went in.
Observing the rather ornate cigar and candy booth, he invested in agooey chocolate bar which he ate while studying the alphabetical listof offices.
 He was deeply impressed with this imposing directory andexperienced a thrill of triumph when at last his searching eyesdiscovered the name, INTERNATIONAL DETECTIVE AGENCY--7-721-728.
He was now on the trail, he told himself, though, to be sure, the leastfalse move might prove fatal (a phrase which he had read in a detectivestory) for the eye of the starter was still upon him and he did notlook the more kindly on Skippy because of the liquefied chocolate whichnow decorated the border of the boy's mouth.
 His spirit mounted when hehad attained the safety of a gorgeous elevator where every thrill ofits dizzy ascent brought him nearer to the famous detective agency'soffices.
Skippy, you must know, longed to be a great sleuth.
 He had lately readin a newspaper of the rounding up of a gang of counterfeiters by thefamous Carlton Conne, head of the International office.
 That was thespark which brought about the certainty that apprehending criminals wasthe career which a kindly fate would offer him.
It must be understood that there was some color of reason to thisbizarre choice of a vocation.
 He had grown up on the waterfront amongcharacters sufficiently dubious.
 Few detectives, however great theirprowess and renown, had come into so much personal contact with thelawless element of the river front as had Skippy.
 A motherless urchinsince infancy and lacking paternal care for a period in which hisfather had been unjustly jailed, his forced association with thismotley crew had given him a remarkable insight about people in general.
That Skippy's father was at last liberated and his good name restoredis not a part of this narrative.
 Suffice it to say, that the haplessman did not long survive after his liberation.
 He left his young andlonely son to the tender mercies of an aunt who lived on the east sideof the great city.
 And, though Skippy was destined to have many narrowescapes in the course of his spectacular career, perhaps the narrowestof all was his escape from being put in an orphan asylum.
Like many great men he was denied the benefit of an early education.
 Kinney, weak in finances but strong in resolve, triumphed over theBoard of Education, and Skippy was given working papers which conferredon him the inestimable privilege of earning his living.
So we find him stepping out of the elevator on the seventh floor of themammoth office building whistling blithely, yet distinctly conscious ofthe long trousers (his first) which were such an integral part of thenew six dollar suit he was wearing.
 His aunt had parted with thisenormous sum only because of the inauguration of his business career.
On the door of room 721 was the magic word ENTER and Skippy paused withhis hand on the knob, giving himself a delicious moment before makingthe grand plunge.
 It may be that he fully expected to see a handcuffedburglar or two when he opened the door.
 But no such thrilling sightawaited him.
 There was nothing more startling than a richly furnishedwaiting room at the end of which sat a pretty young lady.
She peered over her gleaming mahogany typewriter desk and paused in hertyping with an air of bored expectancy.
"Well?""I gotta--eh, I wanta .
 Carlton Conne," Skippy stammered.
She extended her hand as if by force of habit and said wearily, "Youhave a letter to deliver?""Nope.
 I--I wanta see Mr.
""Oh, you can't see Mr.
 He's a very busy man.
 What do you want?""I wanta job.
""We don't need any boys now.
" The young lady yawned discreetly.
 "If youwant to leave your name and address we'll send for you if an openingoccurs.
 Did someone send you here?" she asked, handing him a slip ofpaper and a pencil.
 I bin wantin' to work for Mr.
 Conne since I first read about himin the papers.
 I wanta learn from him how to be a regular detectivelike him.
 That's the kinda job I want.
"At this nave confession the girl laughed while Skippy, embarrassed,but still persistent, stood waiting.
 "So lemme see him?" he urged.
"No, certainly not," the girl answered a little tersely.
 "I told youthat Mr.
 Conne is a very busy man and he's a very important man--if youknow what that means.
 He doesn't see boys.
 If we should need an officeboy, we can send for you," she added with an air of finality.
It was a crucial moment to Skippy.
 He gave a furtive look toward aclosed door, beyond which, in some holy of holies, he imagined thegreat Carlton Conne to be seated.
 He visualized that shrewd mouth andthose keen eyes which he had seen pictured in the newspapers at theastonishing climax of the famous Hawley murder case.
 But there was nohope.
 Skippy Dare was baffled by a mere girl at the very threshold ofthe lion's den.
Suddenly the door opened and a trim looking young man emerged.
 It wasnot the great Carlton Conne.
 Very casually, it seemed, he closed thedoor and leaned against it.
"He one of 'em?" he asked briskly.
"Oh, no," said the girl.
"Well, I wish you'd get in touch up there with the principal, or one ofthe teachers or somebody, and see if they can't round up two or threeof the kids who were run down.
 They ought to be able to identify one ortwo of the gang in that stolen car.
 According to the wop that keeps thebanana stand, there were a bunch of 'em coming out of school when thecar ploughed through.
 There must be at least two who could make someidentification.
 The chief wants to get at least two of 'em down as soonas possible.
""I'll see what I can do, but if the two who were run down were the onlyones that could identify.
""Well, you know the chief; he wants what he wants when he wants it.
Even if their necks were broken he'd expect 'em to remember whether ornot they saw a machine gun in that car.
 So that's that.
"The girl seemed listlessly tolerant.
 "I'll get in touch with them assoon as I come back from lunch.
 Will that do?"The young man nodded and the door closed behind him.
 Skippy toodeparted, thoughtfully, hopefully, and with machine guns booming in hisactive brain.
 _Gangsters, a stolen car!_ The International was on thetrail of something.
The question uppermost in his mind was--how long a time would thetypist remain out at lunch? He hurried down the hall, then darted intothe shadow of a stairway from which vantage point he could keep hisbright eyes on the International Agency's door.
There was no doubt of it now--Skippy too was on the trail of something.
CHAPTER IICRASHING INIt was only a matter of seconds when the door of the Internationaloffices opened and the pretty typist stepped into the hall.
 Her highheels clicked briskly along the tiled floor and she looked neither tothe right nor left, but hurried straight to the elevators.
Skippy, meanwhile, had backed down farther into the shadow and wasstanding on the landing, his slim body almost rigid against the coolwall.
 There was a moment's silence in which he stood tense, listening,until at last the metallic clang of the elevator door opening andclosing echoed down to him.
He relaxed immediately and his face crinkled in a smile.
 With a weathereye on the landing above and the landing below he hastily removed hiscoat and tore from his new white shirt a goodly strip of the muslin.
This had the effect of setting his collar and tie somewhat awry but hehadn't time to worry over that detail.
 He was too busy improvising apresentable sling in which to rest his left arm.
 He had a momentaryimpulse to bandage his head also, but he was too true an artist tooverdo the thing.
Be that as it may, luck was with him, for a moment later, when hepresented himself at the International offices, he found a small groupof men, presumably detectives, talking earnestly in the reception room.
One glance at Skippy and two of the men hurried forward to open thedoor just beyond.
"Here y'are, kid--this way," said one, smilingly.
 "You'll see a door toyour right marked _Carlton Conne--Private_--that's where you're to go.
 Conne wants to see some of you kids.
He was not afraid, as he trudged manfully into the holy of holies toconfront the famous head of the world-renowned detective agency, whosepicture he had so many times seen in the newspapers.
The great detective was not an awe-inspiring spectacle.
 He sat in hisshirt sleeves, his chair tilted back and his feet resting on the desk.
He was a stocky, middle-aged man with a bristly moustache and a crisp,aggressive look.
 Also he was smoking a long black cigar (Skippy soonlearned that this was a fixed habit with the man) which he dexterouslymoved from one end of his mouth to the other as he talked.
 When helistened, he had a way of tilting it at an upright angle which gave hima very shrewd and sophisticated air.
 It was this attitude thatcaptivated Skippy.
"Well," he said in his gruff, yet kindly manner, "you're one of thekids that got in the way of that stolen car, eh? Your arm's busted, eh?""No sir," Skippy answered promptly with unabashed frankness.
 "My name'sSkippy Dare an' I just wanted to get in here--kind of--so--so I couldtalk to you.
"Carlton Conne brought his feet down from the desk and stared.
 "But thesling--what's it for?""That typewriter girl," said Skippy rapidly, "she said I couldn't seeyou about a job--that you didn't need nobody.
""You mean you talked to Miss Purdy, our reception clerk?" asked thedetective with an enigmatic scowl.
"Yeah, I guess that's who it was.
 She was in that first room out therewith the big soft rug an' she was pretty all right, but she was crankyan' wouldn't lissen.
 I tried to tell her I wanted a job right away an'be a detective an'.
"Carlton Conne lifted his feet from the floor and set them back again onthe desk.
 He shifted the cigar about in his mouth three or four times,then interposed: "So you got in here under false pretenses, eh?" BeforeSkippy could answer, he added, "What put the sling idea into your head?""While I was talkin' to the--to Miss Purdy, a feller come out an' saidabout the stolen car an' all an' how you wanted the kids that was rundown so's you could talk to 'em.
 So right away I thought about thesling an' I sneaked into the hall an' hid on the stairway till she goesout for lunch.
 Then I fixed the sling from the taila my shirt.
 I'llbe good at disguises, Mr.
 Conne--that's why I know I'd be a gooddetective.
""Oh, you do, eh?" A mirthful gleam lighted the detective's eyes, buthis face was wrinkled into a scowl.
 "I suppose your other disguisetoday consists of working papers, eh? You can't be more than fourteen.
""Gee, how'd you guess!"Carlton Conne looked at the boy sharply.
 "S'pose you've been blowing inall your spending money on cheap detective magazines and going to theserotten mystery thrillers, eh?""Nope, I don't like them magazines, Mr.
 An' I don't like mysterythrillers 'cause I ain't so dumb that I don't know those thingscouldn't happen in real life.
 Gee, I can only go to the movies once ina while an' when I go I like to see somepin' that makes me laugh.
 Sincemy father died I don't get no spendin' money 'cause my aunt's terriblepoor an' she says I gotta be glad she can even lemme sleep an' eat.
""And she had to put you out to work?" Carlton Conne tilted his cigarthoughtfully.
 "And you decided you wanted to be a detective.
 Why?""I always wanted to be a detective," Skippy answered unabashed, "eversince they railroaded my father.
 When they let him out I wanted to beone more'n ever an' when he died an' I come back to lookin' for my auntI almost was sent to Reform 'cause I got hungry an' went into arestaurant an' ate a whole lot more'n I had the money to pay for.
 Soanyway they found my aunt an' she took me from the station house an'promised to take care of me.
 But all the time since, I been thinkin'how if I was a detective I'd know the difference between a kid that wasbad and a kid that was hungry.
 Gee, I know crooks like anything, Mr.
Conne, so that's another reason I'd make a good detective.
 A bunch of'em lived 'round me when I was on the barge waitin' for my father toget outa jail.
 River pirates an' all! They're my special--myspecialty!" he bragged.
"And 'Reform's' your special fear, eh?" Carlton Conne asked, blinkinghis eyes.
"Yeah, I was scareda that like anythin'," Skippy admitted with ashudder at the memory.
 "When my father was on trial I shivered in myboots afraid they'd send me there.
"Carlton Conne brought his feet down onto the softly carpeted floor andpulling up his chair, scrutinized a letter that lay open on his desk.
After a moment's silence he glanced up at the boy and swiftly surveyedhim.
"Suppose I were to tell you that I want you to go to Reform School!" hesaid enigmatically.
"Huh?" Skippy asked, wide-eyed.
"Sit down!" Carlton Conne said briskly.
 "I want to talk to you!"Skippy did as he was told.
CHAPTER IIIA BARGAINCarlton Conne took the letter in his hand and manoeuvered the cigarback and forth in his mouth.
 At length he said, "Don't be scared, kid.
I want you to go, but not for anything _you've_ done--it's for me!"Skippy gasped.
 "Gee, you mean you're gonna lemme be a detec----""Listen, kid," the man interposed kindly, "get that detective idea outof your head until you're--well say, twenty-four years old anyhow.
 Youhave to learn, kid, and it takes long, hard years--it's just anotherkind of school.
 But right now I can use a kid like you--you can be ofsome use to me.
 If you do your work right--keep your eyes open, yourmouth shut and remember everything, I might consider you for the job asoffice boy at fifteen dollars a week.
 In the mean time, I'm to have yousent to the Delafield Reformatory where you're going to play the partyou almost had in real life--a boy unjustly sent there and a boy who'dmake a break for freedom at the first opportunity.
""Then--then you ain't gonna send me for real!" Skippy stammeredjoyfully.
 "I'm just sorta gonna play de--_detective_?""You're going to help _me_!" answered Conne with the hint of a smile onhis face.
 "You're going to play the part of a reform school kid as Itold you before.
 And I'm counting on you to play it with the same kindof energy that made you sling up your arm so that you could get in hereto see me.
 That's why I'm going to trust you to do this thing for me!You've got ingenuity--know what that means, kid?""Yeah," Skippy smiled, "it means havin' swell ideas that go through.
""In a measure, yes.
 Anyway, you've the idea and you have ingenuity,whether or not you know what it means.
 But the question is, can I counton you not to let anyone know (except those whom I authorize to keep intouch with you) who you are, nor the part you're playing? You may haveto play it a month, perhaps longer--I can't tell you how long, kid.
Think you could play it without betraying your game by a look or aword?""Gee, Mr.
 Conne--gee, is it sorta dangerous like? I mean I can do thatabout keepin' my mouth shut an' all--I learned that when my father gotin trouble--nobody could make me tell a thing.
 I mean will it bedangerous if I _did_ tell? Not that I would--honest, Mr.
 Conne!""That's what I thought, kid.
 I wouldn't have asked you otherwise.
 Andas for its being dangerous," said Mr.
 Conne tipping his cigar so thatthe lighted end stood dangerously near his nose, "I wouldn't allow youto do it if it was.
 Of course there's bound to be a minimum of dangerin anything of this kind, but we'll prepare you for that.
 If you stickand keep your mouth shut there's nothing to be feared.
 One of my menwill be on hand as soon as the conditions warrant it.
 If your auntconsents, I'll assume full responsibility for you.
""Aw, my aunt don't care so long's I ain't no expense to her.
 I gottaterrible appetite, Mr.
 Conne, an' she says I eat her out of house an'home an' besides she wants back the six dollars she paid out for mysuit.
 She wants it to pay on insurance, she says.
""Very well, kid--she'll have it.
 After I get through telling you alittle more of this job, you can go home and get her and bring her downhere to me.
 I'll talk to her and if she's agreeable, I'll give her yourfirst week's salary.
 She knows your needs better than you do, I guess.
""Yeah," said Skippy amiably.
 "Aunt Min'll save for me, she says, so'sI'll have some money in bank when I grow up.
 She said if I got a jobshe'd give me money for carfare an' for a little spendin' money.
""She can do that after you've done this work and are working regularlyin this office.
 Just now, while you're temporary, I'll pay you yourexpenses and give your aunt your salary.
 How's that?""Sure, whatever you say, Mr.
 Conne," Skippy answered happily.
 "You payme more when it's sorta extra work, huh?""That's the basis on which all our men work here, kid," the detectivegrinned.
 "When your time is on the company, naturally your expenses aretoo.
 But leave that to me--I'll see that you have enough to eat in theway of chocolate even if you do leave half of it on your chin.
"Skippy grinned and reached for his handkerchief.
 When he had rubbed offthe smear, he looked up.
 "Will you tell me some more about this job?"Carlton Conne nodded and smoothed out the letter on his desk.
 "This isa report from one of my men who was on a case in Chicago," he wassaying.
 "To let you know more fully about this job I'll read part ofthis report: 'Ran across O'Reilly here in Chi,' he says, 'and he tellsme that Dean Devlin is suspected of helping to spring a kid by the nameof Tucker from the South End Reform School here.
 They picked the kid upin Wheaton and when brought back to Chi he told, under pressure, that areverend-looking gentleman whose description fits the Dean to a "T"visited the South End Reform a little more than a month ago andpropositioned him.
 The kid was bent to beat it and the Dean gave himsome dough for a getaway.
"'Anyway, out of this money, Tucker was told to bribe a guard and theDean arranged the night of the escape, etc.
 Tucker said it wassoft--the Dean was on the job in a closed car and took him to a housein what looked to be a nice part of the city.
 It was a pretty swellflat and the kid got everything he wanted in the way of eats, but hewas kept a prisoner along with two other kids his own age who, itseemed, were also under the Dean's protection.
 They too had crashed outof different reform schools under the reverend-looking gentleman'sexpert supervision.
"'Now it seems that Devlin's idea was this: each kid was kept on at theflat till he found a job for them in some distant city.
 Then he saw toit that the kid got there.
 And so within a month, Tucker saw the otherkids go.
 Then Devlin told Tucker that he had a job for him out inMontana, and that very night he was going to drive him as far as Altonwhere he could board a train absolutely safe from suspicion.
"'They started after dark and Tucker said it wasn't long before he gotdrowsy.
 He thinks he must have fallen asleep for the next thing he knewhe felt himself falling against something and then he seemed to fallright out of the car and whirl through the air.
 Next thing he knew hewas in the water.
 The car had gone down and he knew that he'd go downtoo, not being able to swim.
 He paddled furiously with his hands andlooking up on the bank he saw the Dean standing there looking down.
Tucker was just about to call to him when a car drove up and Devlin gotin it and was driven away.
"'Evidently, the Dean was afraid that Tucker hadn't survived theaccident and being himself confessedly nervous of the police (thatbeing the reason for his generous interest in reform school boys) hethought it best to get away as quickly as possible by hailing the firstcar that came along.
'""Gee, an' what did poor Tucker do then, huh?" Skippy asked excitedly.
 "Fortunately for him, he had been thrown clear ofthe car and into shallow water.
 Just when he had resigned himself to awatery grave, he thrust his legs out and found that his feet touchedbottom.
 You can bet that he didn't lose any time in scrambling up thehigh embankment to safety.
""An' did he let that Devlin know that, huh?"Carlton Conne studied the letter before him and shook his round head.
 You see he had only seen the street and the houseitself at night.
 After all, he had been imprisoned for a month and boththe street and the house looked just like a hundred others in Chicago.
Devlin had driven him to and from the house in such a hurry that henever had the chance to see where he had been living.
 He decided to getas far away from Chicago and the police as he could.
 But he was pickedup in a place called Wheaton, anyway.
""Boy, what luck!" was Skippy's sympathetic exclamation.
"Seeing it from your point of view--yes.
 From my point of view, it'sfortunate that Tucker lost out, for it has warmed up a trail that'sbeen cold too long.
 Devlin has been under cover a couple of years now.
O'Reilly, who is an inspector on the Chicago force, said they'reanxious to find out where the other two kids are that the Dean helpedto crash out of reform schools.
 Well, Dick Hallam knows that I'll beinterested to know why, for I got some old scores to settle with theDean and like a good detective he got the Dean's scent and has trailedhim to New York.
 This morning he learned that our reverend-lookingfriend has applied for a permit to visit the Delafield Reform Schoolnext Friday.
 That's the reason, kid, that I want you to be there whenhe shows up.
 Conne! I been dumb not to see what you meant before.
 Geewhiz, you want me there to trap him like, huh?""I want you to be there to help me to prepare the trap, kid.
 None of mymen can palm themselves off as kids and it seems that Devlin has beenplaying up to kids only.
 That's why you're going to Delafield.
 You'regoing to help me find out why he's been acting so generous when I knowthat he isn't the type of man to do anything like that without therebeing money in it somewhere.
 Dean Devlin never did anything fornothing.
 And so you're going to put yourself in his way when he makesthat visit on Friday--I'll see to it that you have every opportunity.
What's more, you're going to fall in with any plans he may make foryou.
""Boy, it sounds terrible excitin', Mr.
 Conne!""Not dangerously so," the detective assured him.
 "One of our men,Dorcas is his name, will either go up with you or be up there on Fridayand so be on hand if you need him.
 You'll have no cause to worry--youwon't be alone at any time if you do just as you're told.
 But therewon't be any real danger, kid--I wouldn't let you into this if therewas.
 Dean Devlin is a notorious swindler and blackmailer and though hecan cause plenty of excitement when he's on the trail, I've never heardof him laying a hand on anybody.
 He's after money, not people.
""Gee whiz," Skippy said stoutly, "I wouldn't be afraid anyhow!""That's why I've taken an interest in you, kid.
 All you want isnerve--courage enough to go through with your part, and keep your mindand eyes on all that Dean Devlin does and says.
 You've got a job and Imight as well warn you that how well you do it will determine yourpermanent employment by this company.
 In other words, it's to be yourentrance exam, so you better try to pass it!""Gee, will I pass it!" Skippy cried exultantly.
 "You'll see how I'mgonna pass it, Mr.
 Conne!""That's the talk, kid," the detective said with a half-smile.
 "And whenDean Devlin is where he can't take any more money from my clients oranybody else, I'll talk to you about staying on for a regular job.
"CHAPTER IVJOHN DOEIn the Juvenile Court next day, Skippy was duly arraigned andsentenced.
 An International Detective Agency man posing as an iratemerchant pressed a charge of petty larceny against John Doe, orphan, nohome and a native of the city of New York.
 The evening papers carried asmall first page story on this original John Doe who was about to spendhis first night of a four year sentence in the Delafield Reformatory.
Meanwhile, Skippy was aware that his role of John Doe, thief, hadbecome almost too realistic to be comfortable.
 His morning wait in thecourtroom had seemed interminable.
 The heat was oppressive, the courtprocedure tiresome and he felt not a little regret that he had noturged Mr.
 Conne to have his aunt come and give him the bit ofencouragement he needed to go on with his part in the reformatory.
 Hethought of his dead father, of Big Joe Tully who had lost his lifesaving the Airedale, Mugs, which he had given to Skippy.
 And Mugs toowas gone, killed by an auto.
Not that he felt in the least fearful nor doubted his ability to gothrough with his strange role.
 He merely felt a little lonesome andwished that he might look out over the sea of faces that crowded thecourtroom and see his Aunt Min's among them, smiling her encouragement.
But his aunt was at home busy with her sewing that morning, quitecontent with the money that Carlton Conne had turned over to her andsatisfied that the great detective would see that her nephew was safeand sound.
Skippy had to be content with the presence of Dick Hallam, CarltonConne's man, notwithstanding the fact that he was supposed to beprosecuting him.
 Hallam, however, was better than no one at all forwhen the occasion permitted, he flashed a significant look at the boy.
He spent the afternoon in an ante room and Dick Hallam, blond, tall andabout twenty-eight, played "rummy" with him.
 Also, he had too much toeat, including ice cream and candy and cold drinks and at about fouro'clock Carlton Conne came in.
"All set, kid?" he asked with that half-smile that Skippy was beginningto like.
"_And how!_" the boy grinned, feeling cheerful immediately.
"He's been acting like it's a picnic, boss," Dick Hallam interposedgaily.
"Fine," said the detective.
 "You want to keep it up, kid--you'venothing to fear--not a thing! Everything's been arranged, and I don'tthink you'll have to spend more than a night or two at Delafield.
Meanwhile, what time you _do_ spend, you'll have someone watching closeat hand so never feel you're alone.
 The warden and a few trusted guardsknow of our little game, but of course you're to speak to no one aboutit unless you're spoken to first.
 Now--you remember all the signals?""Yes sir--everythin'!"Dick Hallam grinned.
 "He's just nervous about riding up with that roughneck gang that's been sentenced today, boss.
 Especially one tough kidnamed Nickie Fallon who got seven years for trying his hand at ahold-up and carrying a gun.
 Some character, that kid.
""I know," Conne said understandingly, "that's the only disagreeablepart of this job, kid.
 But I warned you what the company would be like.
 Conne, I ain't afraida that.
 I was just wonderin' ifthey'd be the kind of guys what start a fight on the way an' if theydid what would I do, huh?""How would you act if you were riding up with that bunch to start areal sentence, eh? Well kid, get yourself in the state of mind that itis real and act accordingly.
"Skippy did just that.
 About six o'clock a court attendant led him outto a closed car.
 Four boys ranging from about his own age to seventeenyears sat inside and eyed him sullenly as he crowded his slim bodyamong them to make the fifth passenger on the back seat.
 Two detectivesfollowed and took the chairs before them; another detective sat aheadon the seat beside the driver.
"Well, if it ain't John Doe--the kid hisself!" a hoarse voice whisperedbeside him.
Skippy looked up and saw a drooping mouth and black eyes almost toobright--Nickie Fallon.
 Despite an inward shudder, he nodded and smiled.
"That's me," he said simply.
 "Got enough room?""Nah, but that's all jake.
 Might's well get used to crowdin'.
" Then,after a pause: "Say, you John Doe, on the level?"Skippy gave a sidelong glance at the detectives to see if they notedthis whispered conversation between Nickie Fallon and himself.
Apparently they didn't, and he gave the boy another smile.
"Anyways, they slipped you four years, eh? Three years less'n me.
"There was another pause after which Fallon whispered, "They ain'tkeepin' me two days if I can take it on the lam.
 How about you, kid?"Skippy nodded again, feeling rather foolish as he did so.
 However, hecould think of no other course to pursue, and instinct prompted him tohold his tongue until he was sure of himself.
"Ain't the gabby kind, eh?" said the other.
 "Well, that's the kinda palI like.
 Say, if they don't put us near each other up there, I'll raisethe dust--see? I wanta pal like you.
 Was Nickie Fallon going to be an unlooked-forfactor in this strange play?CHAPTER VA FRIENDLY FACEThe Delafield Reform School was situated not far from the New Jerseystate line.
 Therefore, the route over which the boys were taken wasthrough a part of northeastern New Jersey, first crossing the greatbridge which bears the magic name of George Washington.
It was upon entering the vast span that Nickie Fallon made known toSkippy his resolve.
 After that he lapsed into a long silence, lookingpast his new-found pal and out upon the gleaming concrete lanes thatflanked them on both sides.
 His too-bright eyes seemed to roam throughspace and for a moment his gaze rested on the giant cables thatstretched between sky and water like monstrous birds poised for flight.
Skippy had no doubt but that Nickie's thoughts were also on flight.
 Thedetectives, however, seemed not to be cognizant of it, for they werelaughing and talking in low tones and apparently easy in mind about thesafety of their charges.
Dusk was settling and the broad plaza on the New Jersey side of thebridge was resplendent with the last rays of the setting sun.
 Veryswiftly they left it behind and whisked down under a broad concretearch which brought them to a highway practically devoid of traffic.
"Ain't many people travelin' our way," a boy commented on the fartherside of the seat.
 He was no more than sixteen, red-haired and withsmall blue eyes.
"Dippy Donovan's his name," Fallon informed Skippy immediately.
 "Hedrew a year for wreckin' the principal's office in school.
 Twict hedone the same thing so now he's got his bit.
 I don't see doin' astretch for anything like that.
 At least I got some dough outa what _I_done--how about _you_?""Yeah," Skippy murmured.
 And in order to divert the conversation fromhimself, he asked, "Who's the kid next you an' who's the one 'long-sidehim?""Greek pickpockets--Shorty an' Biff; don't ast me their last names! Ican't pronounce 'em.
"Skippy grinned and turned his head away looking off into the dusk.
 Hewas thinking that everything had gone fine so far and his behavior mustcertainly have impressed Nickie, for that youthful transgressor seemedto have accepted him at face value as one of his own kind.
It was during these reflections that Skippy noticed the detectivesitting up in the seat beside the driver.
 He was a thin, lanky sort ofman with hollow eyes and just at that moment he was glancing at theboys.
 Presently his gaze rested on Skippy and without warning he pursedhis lips significantly and a look flashed from his eyes that the boyimmediately understood.
 Conne's men!He turned his head away again so quickly that, under othercircumstances, Skippy might have been inclined to consider the look asmerely a figment of his imagination.
 But in this instance, he knew thathe was right and that the detective had deliberately caught hisattention to assure him of his helpful presence there as Mr.
Well, it was helpful certainly, and tremendously reassuring to Skippy.
 Conne had kept his word so far and the play gave great promise of asuccessful conclusion.
 The boy was happier now and no longer felt alonein his new venture.
 He had a staunch and dependable supporter and allwas well!The shadows were lengthening and a lone bird winging swiftly homewardfor the night, looked dark and small against the feeble light on thedistant horizon.
 Talk lagged, then ceased altogether, and when nightenfolded them in one vast black shadow no sound could be heard save themonotonous hum of the engine and the soft swish of the tires upon theconcrete road.
After a little while they turned off into a dirt road.
 The powerfulheadlights gleamed out over deep ruts and in places the sandy soil layin little mounds, causing the car to bump and flounder about from oneside of the road to the other.
"Can't slow down too much," the driver said to the detectives.
 "I'm dueback at ten and it's after eight now.
 with us," said one of the men sitting in back.
 He nodded atthe man beside the driver.
 "You're not afraid of being thrown outeither, are you, Dorcas?""If I am I can pick myself up again," came the reply.
 The speakerturned and though it was too dark to see very clearly, Skippy thoughtthe man smiled at him.
So Dorcas was his name!Glad of that additional knowledge, Skippy put from him any lingeringfears.
 He was confident that nothing would mar Mr.
 Conne's well laidplans.
