 Dorcas would always be there at Delafield.
They were still bumping along at a pretty fair speed when the engineemitted peculiar sounds.
 The driver made some comment but did not stop,saying that it was probably due to the gas which he was trying for thefirst time.
The engine continued to "act up" as the driver called it, but he didnot lessen his speed.
 They seemed to bump in and out of the ruts fasterthan ever.
 Suddenly the car lurched forward tumbling them all about.
And, while Skippy strove frantically to keep himself from fallingentirely off the seat, they lurched again.
The driver yelled, the brakes ground and for the fraction of a secondthe powerful car seemed to whirl.
 Skippy felt himself whirled alongwith it, his head struck something and amid the ear-splitting shoutsand screams from the boys and the men, there came the sound of breakingglass.
There was a sickening crash after that, but Skippy did not hear it.
CHAPTER VIA SUSPICIONSkippy's head throbbed painfully and there was a soreness all over hisslim body when he tried to move.
 His ears buzzed and his eyes openedwith difficulty upon a world that was dark and confusing.
 Voices, lowand hoarse, seemed all about him and he had the sensation of rapidmotion that added materially to his discomfort.
It came to him gradually that he was neither lying down nor standingup, but that he was in a half-reclining position with his head restingon someone's lap.
 Also, he discovered that he was again in a car andthat they seemed to be speeding along in the dark the same as before.
His head was being jounced up and down sending sharp pains through hisbody, and when he felt he could no longer stand it, he stirred.
 Afamiliar, hoarse voice spoke directly above him.
"Feelin' kinda rocky, pal?"Skippy squinted but it was too dark to discern anything.
 Nevertheless,he sensed Nickie Fallon's bright eyes looking down at him inquiringly.
"You, Fallon?" he asked weakly.
 Your head's been banged up an' I been holdin' you on my lap.
"Then, reassuringly: "But you'll be O.
""Yeah, we're travelin' without no lights.
 I'd keep kinda quiet if I wasyou.
 It ain't gonna be long 'fore we'll be where you can tumble in bedan' sleep till your head's better.
""He'll have nice eat--eh?" came a query in a slightly foreign accent.
"Us will too, eh?"A man's deep, sonorous voice from up in front answered in theaffirmative.
 Nickie Fallon bent closer to Skippy's buzzing ears andexplained, "That guy's name's Barker an' the one drivin's his pal,Frost.
 They're our pals from now on.
 Say, what a break they gave us!"Skippy was deeply puzzled.
 He couldn't seem to make it out at all.
"Those Greeks," he asked wearily, "didn't I hear one of 'em just now?""Shorty and Biff? Sure.
 Dippy was scared an' wouldn'tcome.
 But I knew you was regular so when you went out me'n Shortybrought you 'long seein' you wasn't hurt bad.
 Glad, huh?""How 'e be glad when you ain't tell 'eem!"Fallon laughed.
 Here I'm thinkin' the kid knows allabout it.
" He leaned over Skippy again: "I didn't have no chanceputtin' you wise on the way up an' I go an' forget you been out coldsince we hit the ditch.
"Skippy felt a chill up and down his spine at this reminder.
 "We hitsomethin'--so it was a ditch, huh? Gee! I got hurt then, huh?""Yeah," Fallon replied laconically, "but not's bad as them bulls.
 Thethree hadda take it--the driver couldn't put up no fight.
 Dippy wasbruised too, but not so bad but what he could say no when we told himhe could come with us an' beat his rap.
 So Barker says not to bother'cause there wasn't no time for arguin' an' another car might comealong.
""Barker--Frost--" Skippy asked puzzled, "they're your friends, huh?""_Friends!_ I'll say so! Cheese, ain't it a friend that gets us away soeasy as this? Lissen, kid--it shows how friendly when I'm waitin' inthe cooler this afternoon an' along comes this Frost an' he says hegets in by sayin' he's my cousin comin' to say so-long.
 Then he sayshow he heard the long stretch they gimme an' that he don't think theygimme no break.
 So then he talks like a Dutch uncle an' says how he an'his pal Barker can give us a break.
 We don't do nothin' he says.
 Himan' Barker'll find out somehow what time we're gonna take the ride tothe jug.
 An' they do.
""Oh!" Skippy groaned as the car bumped his head painfully.
"Feelin' all right, kid?" Fallon asked sympathetically.
"Yeah," Skippy answered half-heartedly.
 "It's just the bumps that makemy head ache.
""We'll soon be there," called the sonorous voice which Skippyrecognized as Barker's.
He raised himself painfully from Fallon's accommodating lap and satupright in the seat.
 The Greek named Biff was sitting on his left andon the end of the seat sat his partner Shorty.
 Both were smiling at himanxiously, particularly Biff who had a rather set mirthfulness in hisround face.
Fallon obligingly crowded himself into the other corner of the backseat in order to give Skippy plenty of room.
 "Anyways, you must befeelin' a little better wantin' to sit up," he said peering over athim.
 Suddenly he lowered his voice and whispered, "Say, kid, we ain'tgotta worry now 'cause Barker an' Frost's gonna see us through an' how!Look what chances Frost took!""What?" Skippy inquired, aware that a feeling of foreboding had takenpossession of him.
"_Chances!_" Fallon continued hoarsely.
 "Didn't he find out from one ofthem guards what time we was leavin' an' didn't he hang 'round thecourt house till he sees the bulls' car drive up!""Gee!" Skippy said, feeling incapable of saying anything more.
"Sure! So like I'm sayin', Frost waits his time an' he goes an' getstalkin' to the driver indifferent like.
 It's the same driver of the carwe come up in--see?"Skippy was beginning to see only too well, but he did not say so.
"Anyways, the driver says after a while he better go in an' see ifthey're set with the kids.
 Frost says sure, so long.
 He's dressed inoveralls like a mechanic--see? When the driver goes in the building,Flint quick opens the hood an' shoots some stuff what he's got in hispocket, in the oil.
 Jest enough so's to make it get workin' by the timewe hit the bumpy road--see?"Skippy stared.
"Well, there ain't much more.
 Frost strolls 'round the corner an' hequick gets in this car with Barker sittin' there like he is now.
 It's acinch! They start off ahead 'cause the driver's already told Frost whatroad he takes for Delafield.
 They wait behind some trees down thatbumpy road an' when we blow along they give us a coupla hunnerd feetahead an' follow without no lights.
 So when the engine goes bad on thedriver an' we hit the ditch, it's more'n Frost an' Barker expect.
""Yeah," Frost spoke up in a loud, raucous voice.
 "We expected they'd bestalled and standin' around lookin' for help so that when we cruised upsoft and easy with no lights on, it'd be a cinch to cover the bulls andget Fallon and whoever of you kids that wanted to scram, into our car.
But so help me, it was easier than that!""Yeah," Fallon echoed, seeming to enjoy his role as narrator.
 "WhenFrost and Barker come along, there we was ditched--the bulls knockedsilly an' the driver so goofy it was a cinch for Frost to stick him upand knock him cold when he tries to keep us from scrammin'.
""Frost used a gun, eh?""Sure! But he didn't have to shoot.
 An' then that sap Donovan kidwouldn't come when he had that break.
 He said we'd be caught an' we'dget a worse stretch.
 Aw, he was just yeller! Anyways, it was lucky thatus guys didn't get it like the bulls.
 Only you was out, kid.
 Well,we're on our way, so we should worry, hah?""Where we goin'?" Skippy asked as calmly as he could.
Frost and Barker were deep in some conversation of their own and seemedto be paying no attention to their charges.
 Fallon leaned close toSkippy's ear and whispered, "Between you an' me, kid, I think it's ahideout Barker's got somewhere in the country.
 We been ridin' an hournow.
 Barker's boss--see? I think he's done a coupla stretches hisself'cause Frost told me on the Q.
 that Barker's got feelin' for kidsthat get a break like we got an' so he helps 'em crash out whenever hecan.
 He's gonna keep us under cover awhile till things quiet down an'then he's gonna get us out west to some friends.
 I ain't s'posed tatell though.
 Frost says Barker wants to s'prise us.
""And you say Frost--Barker's your friend too, huh?" Skippy askedtimidly.
 "You known 'em long, huh Fallon?""Nah," Nickie answered readily.
 "I ain't never laid eyes on Frost tillin the cooler this afternoon.
" And in a hushed voice, he added: "Iain't had no good look at Barker yet, ridin' like we are without nolights.
 I first hear his voice when I get in this car--he just waitedfor us when he sees how things was.
 We should worry when we got friendslike them?"_Friends!_ Skippy put his hand to his head, hoping for the best, butfearing the worst.
CHAPTER VIITHE HOUSE FORGOTTENThe question pounded in his head more insistently than the pain he wassuffering.
 Did not this whole unlooked-for episode of Frost and Barkersmack too much of Dean Devlin's tactics? And could it not be possiblethat Devlin might change not only his name but his tactics also? Afterall, he concluded, it was but a step from Barker to Devlin and from theDelafield Reformatory to the Juvenile Court.
 The man Devlin thatCarlton Conne had told him about was certainly clever enough to keep astep ahead of the police every time.
Skippy felt more hopeless about it all as the minutes sped by.
 Herethey were going farther and farther away--heaven only knew where; and,though he was aware that due to the accident, Mr.
 Conne could not butthink him blameless, he felt that in a measure he had failed.
 He hadn'tany business, he told himself, to strike his head and fallunconscious--it was his job to _stay_ conscious![Illustration: A DINGY SQUARE ROOFED HOUSE LOOMED UP BEFORE THEM.
]The fact that Dorcas, a trusted and experienced detective, had alsobeen knocked senseless seemed not to lessen this feeling of guilt.
Skippy was steeped in remorse because an unkind Fate had seen fit tohave Fallon carry him away from Dorcas' side, away from the influencethat was Mr.
 Conne's and which spelled safety to him.
And yet, at that moment, he was not afraid, notwithstanding the factthat he felt that Barker and Dean Devlin might be the same person.
 Hewas merely puzzled as to how he should get word to Mr.
 Conne if it wasgoing to be as Fallon said, that Barker would keep them under cover fora month.
He decided that he was feeling too sick to worry about it yet.
 Helonged only to get in a bed and sleep and let the morrow take care ofitself.
 And if Barker proved to be Devlin, he could only hope thatFortune would smile upon him and help him to succeed despite themischance that had cut him off from Mr.
 Conne's help and theInternational offices.
A long silence prevailed in the car.
 Shorty and Biff were sound asleepon each other's shoulders and emitting soft nasal sounds.
 Nickie Fallonwas hunched in his corner in a half doze and up in front Frost andBarker were deep in whispered conversation.
The road was rough but Frost handled the car expertly, driving it as ifhe knew the bad spots by experience.
 He had only his parking lights onnow and they were speeding along with surprisingly little sound fromthe engine.
After a time they entered a narrow, wooded lane and Frost seemed topick his way more carefully.
 Skippy was quick to note that the trees,in places, interlaced and during their entire journey through thatsection, one could stretch one's arms at either side and touch theoverhanging branches.
 For at least an hour, he guessed, they hadn'tpassed a house.
"We come up back roads, I betcha," Nickie Fallon whispered suddenly asif guessing his thoughts.
 "Looks like we're miles from nowhere.
 Thisguy Barker knows his hide-outs, hah?""Mm," said Skippy.
 "Gee, we wouldn't know howta get back home if wewanted to, huh?""Frost says we can't an' what's more we ain't to try, in case we getthinkin' we're smarter than him or Barker is.
 He says kids like us 'udrun right into the bulls an' that 'ud make it bad for them--see? Himan' Barker'd do a long stretch if we squealed that they helped uscrash.
 So Frost says they ain't takin' no chances on lettin' us thinkwe can get anywheres alone.
 They're gonna treat us swell s'long aswe're stickin' under cover till they help us go west.
 So we gotta getused to stayin' quiet a little while--see?""Yeah," Skippy answered, "I think so.
" He could feel Nickie Fallonlooking at him curiously.
 Suddenly he felt the boy move closer to him.
"Say, lissen, kid," he whispered, "d'you feel funny 'bout this Frostan' Baker?""Gee," said Skippy, not a little startled, "I--I dunno.
 I--whaddayou mean, huh?"Fallon's lips almost touched Skippy's ear.
 "Listen kid," he confided,"I ain't been doin' what I done, an' not learnin' that guys don't donothin' for love.
 How come, they been takin' all this trouble for somekids they ain't never laid eyes on 'fore today, hah?""Whadda you s'pose?" Skippy whispered timidly.
"We ain't tippin' off Shorty or Biff, but between you'n me, kid, Ithink these guys got some job for us what they can't dothemselves--see? A little job, mebbe.
""Yeah, an' if they have, it's all right, huh?" Skippy retorted making abrave effort to measure up as one of Nickie's kind.
"Sure, only if it's bigger'n we can do an' we get grabbed--we're outaluck.
 That'd mean double time.
 Aw, it ain't no use worryin'.
 If theylet us put the feed bag on regular an' give us bunks, it's worth doin''em a favor.
"Skippy nodded but did not answer.
 He was too intent on watching thenumber of turns that Frost had made within the past few moments.
 Theyhad already made three off the wooded road and now with the fourth onethey were in a dense woods and proceeding very slowly along a roadlittle wider than a footpath.
 Then suddenly they rolled into a clearingand stopped.
 Frost chuckled and switched on his headlights.
A house, square-roofed and dingy, loomed up before them.
 Its shingleswere so devoid of paint that it was impossible to say what color theyhad originally been painted.
 Blistered and peeling from long years ofneglect and with its shutters closed like so many pairs of sleepingeyes the structure presented a picture of abject loneliness.
Unkempt grass and weeds grew up to the high stoop; there was no porch.
Behind the house and a little to the left, Skippy glimpsed a barn thatwas also in disrepair.
 Notwithstanding this, he supposed that Barkerand Frost parked their car in it.
"No bulls'll turn you kids up here," Frost said, as if reading theirthoughts.
 He turned a leathern-looking face toward Skippy, smiling outof shrewd eyes.
 "This house usta be in the center of a village till afire burned the town out.
 Then the railroad decided to run twenty-fivemiles away so the folks left it flat.
 This bein' the only house leftthey let the woods grow up 'round it and now, after seventy-five years,nobody knew about it, 'cept an old nit-wit hermit that put me andBarker wise.
 Last year he died so there ain't nobody now'll bother youkids, much less the bulls.
"Barker turned to them and in the half-light his long, grave face andstaring light eyes contrasted strangely with the dark wisps of hairthat straggled from under his hat and down on his forehead.
 But it waswhen he talked that Skippy was startled, for the man's voice was sosolemn and sonorous that it was eerie.
"Now boys," he was saying, "you see how safe you are here.
 Keep it inmind and don't get the idea that you can manage your own freedom betterthan I can.
 For one thing, it would get Frost and me into trouble ifyou were picked up and if you weren't, you'd get in trouble yourselves,because this place is almost all surrounded by swamps and you might notfind your way out.
 When I say the coast is clear to ship you west--allright.
 You'll come out of this house then, and not before!"There was a warning note in his voice that sent a chill up and downSkippy's spine.
 He wished his Airedale, Mugs, had lived to be with himat a time like this.
 Shorty and Biff exchanged a few words in theirnative tongue and suddenly Nickie Fallon's hand stole over and comingin contact with Skippy's wrist, he grasped it tightly.
CHAPTER VIIITIMMYEven from the outside one could sense the desolation of the house.
 Ittook little imagination to visualize the large, sprawling roomsdownstairs and the small, stuffy rooms upstairs weighted down to apoint of suffocation by the flat tin roof.
 Cobwebs, slugs, everyscurrying, every crawling thing that thrived in dampness and gloom mustthrive in such a place, Skippy thought.
He was glad of Nickie Fallon's friendly hand on his arm as theyascended the high stoop.
 And he was considerably cheered by the oily,smiling faces of Shorty and Biff as they all followed in the wake ofthe two men.
 He had somehow forgotten that these three lawless boyswould have been repugnant to him under other conditions.
 Now hewelcomed them as old companions, and their nearness was comforting inthis chill, lonely moment.
"Metal doors 'n everythin'," Nickie whispered in his ear.
 "Locksoutside too, hah? What's out is out an' what's in is in!"They entered a stuffy vestibule and passed into a long, dark hall.
 Atthe far end of it beside the stairway was a lantern standing on abroken stool.
 It gave a feeble light at best, but now it sputtered andflickered like some dying thing and sent out weird shadows that stoleup and down the dirty walls.
Barker stood a moment as if listening.
 Then he turned his grave face toFrost and said, "No sound from upstairs.
 Timmy must be asleep.
 Go upand get him.
 We'll make some coffee and have something to eat.
 When youcome down put some oil in that lantern.
"Skippy wondered who Timmy was, but soon dismissed the thought in hisjoy at hearing that they would get something to eat.
 Nickie, too,brightened up at this announcement and Shorty and Biff made no secretof their delight, but gave vent to several nasal grunts.
Frost hurried back and ascended the narrow, rickety stairway two stepsat a time.
 Barker motioned the boys into a room at his right where healready had a lantern lighted.
"Sit down," he said abruptly.
 "I'm going out to the kitchen to makecoffee.
" Then, without having really looked at them, he stepped intothe hall.
 There was the sound of a key turning in the door outside andsuddenly he was back again, passing through the room and toward anotherdoor as if he didn't know the boys were there.
 When that door hadclosed behind him, his footsteps could be heard echoing over bareboards, until, after other doors slammed, there ensued a few moments ofsilence.
Skippy had taken a chair like the rest and now he glanced around thebig room.
 Besides the chairs they were occupying there were two otherchairs standing, battered and forlorn, against the shuttered andheavily barred windows.
 The room boasted no other furniture and norugs; the floor was thick with dust.
"Well, it's good there ain't no more furniture to catch the dust, hah?"Fallon commented humorously as he took note of their surroundings.
"Say, I wonder what's the big idea, barrin' windows--I ain't keen onbars.
 Makes me think we're in Delafield almost.
"Shorty got up softly and moved his chair close to the others.
 When hispudgy body was seated, he leaned over confidentially and said, "Mebbewe better in Delafield, eh Neecky?" He shook his round head at hisfriend Biff, then nodded back at Fallon.
 "Eet look what ya call phoneythe way thees Barker don' look at us an' how he bring us here to theesspooky, dirty place, eh?""Just what I teenck!" Biff agreed in an undertone.
 "I get demcreeps--you know? Ever'ting eet should be fun eef Barker an' Frost fooldem bulls an' take us keeds from de school--eet should be fun eef theydo it because they no want us to do the stretch and feel dis seempathy,eh? But no--they act like we was goin' to funeral, yes Neecky?""Aw, forget it!" Nicky answered.
 "I'll admit I ain't got no yen forthis joint myself.
 But we ain't where we can say we'd like a niceup-to-date apartment.
 We gotta be glad we ain't startin' no longstretch at Delafield.
 I got a hunch Frost's kinda slippery an' Barker'sa queer bird all right, but what's that when they're keepin' us outathe hoosegow!""An' for thees, Neecky--what we do, eh?" Biff asked, squinting hissmall, brown eyes.
"I think," Nicky whispered, "they got a small job for us guys todo--see? Ain't we all done a job or two for ourselves, hah? So we cando a job for them if they ast us--see?" He turned to Skippy suddenlyand asked, "Ain't that right, kid?""Sure!" Skippy answered, conscious of an inward tremor as he said it.
"That's the kind of talk I like to hear, boys!" came a sepulchral voicefrom the doorway where Barker stood watching them.
 He was grave andunsmiling, and save for a certain steely glint in his staring eyes, hisface looked not unlike a cold, clay mask.
Nickie Fallon broke the tension with a forced, husky laugh.
 "You'nFrost give us a break, Mr.
 Barker," he said nervously, "we'd be shortskates if we didn't try an' square it.
""Of course," Barker agreed without any enthusiasm.
A silence ensued that to Skippy was tense.
 Barker continued to standthere and stare, and the boys sat rigid in their chairs until thewelcome sound of footsteps was heard coming down the stairs and alongthe hall.
Frost strode into the big room and in his wake was a tall, fair-hairedboy of about sixteen whose appearance was somewhat disheveled.
 He had awild expression in his light blue eyes and at sight of Barker a shadowcrossed his face.
"I been most crazy barred up in that dark hole since daylight!" hecried.
 "I thought you'n Frost would never come! Honest, I'll go nuts ifI ain't let out soon.
 Over a month an' two kids're gone an' I'm stillhere! Barker, it's givin' me the creeps--honest! It's worse'n if Istayed in the pen up in Al.
""I've arranged for you to go tomorrow night, Timmy," Barker interposedhastily.
 And, nodding his long head toward the new arrivals, he added:"You'll have these boys to keep you company till then.
"Timmy wheeled about, obviously unaware of the boys' presence in theroom until that moment.
 He drew a hand across his forehead as if dazed.
Then suddenly, in a trembling voice, he said, "More!"Skippy felt himself trembling too.
CHAPTER IXTRAPPEDSkippy was destined to remember that night.
 Whether it was the chillgloom of the house or the nameless dread which seemed to hang like apall over the wilderness hideout, he did not know.
 Certainly,everything they said and did gave them a feeling of unreality, as ifthey were merely moving puppets in a play.
 He missed his father, as henever had before, and that was saying much.
After their peculiar meeting with Timmy Brogan (as they afterwardlearned was his full name), Barker gravely invited them to the kitchenfor refreshment.
 They followed Frost through two unfurnished rooms,wading through the dirt and dark until they emerged into a sprawlingroom running the width of the house and which, like the sitting room,was illuminated by means of a lantern dangling from a hook in the highceiling.
A small oil stove, battered and rusty, was trying to send up a yellowflame strong enough to boil the coffee.
 Another stove, a wood-burner,stood back in the opposite corner as if it were trying to hide itsantiquity from the boys' eyes.
 A sprawling cupboard stood in anothercorner and in the center of the room, surrounded by broken down chairsand boxes, was a dilapidated table holding several plates offreshly-made sandwiches.
"Sit down, boys," Barker said simply.
 "The coffee will be ready in aminute.
""Seems like I ain't fed in a million minutes!" Timmy said with bittercomplaint.
 "Since you left me that lousy sandwich when you beat it atdawn, I.
""_Shut up!_"Barker's funereal voice filled the room for a tense second, then heturned on his heel and walked toward the cupboard in long, determinedstrides.
 Timmy grew pale and sat down on the nearest box, reachinghungrily for a sandwich.
Frost chuckled mirthlessly for no reason at all that Skippy could see.
Barker took out several thick cups with which he strode back toward thestove and poured the coffee when it was ready.
 After that they ate, anda strange, silent repast it was with the lantern sending eerie shadowsup on the smoke-blackened ceiling and leaving the little group in asemi-gloom about the table.
Skippy ate because he was hungry, but his mind wasn't on it.
 He was tooconfused, too worried at the unexpected turn of events to think ofanything else but what had happened and what might happen.
 Barker madehim feel strangely hopeless about this adventure which he had set outupon so light heartedly and which Carlton Conne had seemed to plan sothoroughly.
 It now appeared that he who had planned on helping to trapDean Devlin had himself been trapped in a larger web.
That was it--he was _trapped_!He looked at the two kitchen windows.
 They were shuttered and barredlike the windows in the other rooms.
 The door leading out of thekitchen opened onto a shed and Skippy was certain that that too wasinvulnerable both inside and out.
 Upstairs, he learned ten minuteslater, were three stuffy bedrooms fit for occupation.
 He was assignedto one of them along with Nickie Fallon and Timmy.
 Shorty and Biffoccupied the room next to them and across the hall was the room inwhich Barker and Frost alternately slept and watched to see that theiryoung protégés did not triumph over locks and other man-madeobstructions and steal forth into the night.
"Ever since I been here, I been askin' myself--why the locks, if themtwo guys brought me here outa sympathy?" Timmy whispered to his newroom-mates as Frost bade them a chuckling good-night and locked thedoor on the outside.
 He retreated to his tumbled looking cot and heldhis head in his hands wearily while he stared at the lantern hangingabove his head.
 "Take it from me, guys, there's somethin' screwy aboutBarker an' Frost, an' you might's well get smarted up.
"Skippy looked at the decrepit bed in which he and Nickie were to sleepand his heart sank.
 There wasn't a breath of air save the occasionalwisps of breeze that mysteriously found their way through the chinks inthe shutters.
 He walked to the window and by stooping could lookthrough the bars and see a rising moon casting a flickering gleam oflight on water.
"Is it a lake or somethin'?" he asked.
"Lake, me eye!" Timmy answered.
 "It's a swamp, that's what.
 You'll seehow much when the moon comes up good.
 There's only a little back yardan' then the swamp begins.
""Say," Nickie whispered inquiringly, "you got somepin' on Barker an'Frost? What's the matter, anyways?"Timmy got up and walked over to Fallon.
 "They got me scared, that'swhat! Barker's terrible--he's got me scared skinny an' I'll tell youguys why!" He tiptoed to the door, listened a moment and then cameback.
 "Did _he_ help you guys crash outa reform?"Nickie explained that they had not got that far before Barker hadreached out a helping hand and gathered them in.
 While he was speakingthey all moved toward the bed and sat down, there being no chairs inthe room.
"So he kinda switched the deck with you guys for a change, hah?" Timmycommented after Fallon finished.
 "That proves what I say about himbein' a pretty foxy guy, turnin' a trick that maybe ain't gonna be sohealthy for us in the end.
""How come?" Skippy asked softly.
"It's a long story, an' if you guys ain't sleepy.
"Say, lissen," Nickie interposed, "the kid'n me don't mind bein' puthip.
 I didn't like the way Barker bore down on you downstairs an' itgive me the hunch mebbe he's too phoney even for us--see! So comeacross an' mebbe we won't get the short enda the stick.
""Sure I'll spiel, but that's all the good it'll do," Timmy saiddismally.
 "We'll never get nowheres together, take it from me--Barkerain't lettin' us! He'll take us away from here, one by one, and so farthe two guys that have gone from here .
 anyways, I'll tell you what Ithink--Barker's a _killer_!""_What?_" Skippy gulped.
They heard the scraping of a lock and suddenly the door swung open.
 Abreeze from the hall blew out the feeble lantern light and they were intotal darkness.
CHAPTER XTHE WAY OF DEVLINSkippy felt Nickie's hand on his arm and Timmy crowded up close to bothof them.
 For a second there was no sound, then they heard someone movein the doorway and presently Barker's voice pierced the darkness.
"What have you been whispering about in here, Timmy?" he demanded.
"_Whisperin'?_" Timmy's voice trembled ever so little.
 "Aw, I was onlytellin' these guys how you got me outa the pen an' they was tellin' mehow slick you helped them--that's all.
"Skippy was certain that Barker sighed.
 In any event, he said, "Hmph!You better let them go to sleep and do your talking tomorrow!" He shutthe door as swiftly as he had opened it--the key turned in the lock andall was silence.
Nickie was alert, tense.
 He nudged Skippy and Timmy and then he movedhis lips.
 "Us three can cram into bed," he said so softly that the boyshad to strain their ears to hear.
 "We'll pull a blanket over our headsso's we can talk--see? It'll be hot, but we should worry, hah?"Skippy was worried, but he didn't say so for he, too, was anxious tolearn from Timmy what lay behind Barker's grave, almost broodingexterior.
 He undressed and hopped in on one side of Timmy while Nickiecrawled in on the other and if they felt stifled as they whisperedunder the blanket for three-quarters of an hour or more, they were notaware of it, so intensely interesting was the story to which they werelistening.
"Where do I come from?" Timmy repeated in answer to Skippy's question.
 Barker comes in the jug where I'm doin' five years--forstealin'.
 Well, he looks like a minister an' I think he passes it outthat he is one.
 Anyway, he spies me an' gets talkin' kinda religiousan' fatherly while the guard's around.
 When the bloke strolls off,Barker quick drops the fatherly act an' wants to know would I like tocrash.
 Sure, I tells him.
 He tells me to be set the next night--thathe'll be waitin'.
 When he leaves he slips me fifty bucks an' tells meto slip it to the guard I think'll look the other way for that muchjack.
""You made it, huh?" Skippy asked.
 Fifty bucks is big money for them guards.
 The one I stake letsme slip without no trouble at all.
 Barker was waitin' outside in a bigclosed car.
""Frost with him?" Skippy asked curiously.
 I never seen that grinnin' skunk till Barker brings me down tothis hole.
 That's a month an' a half ago.
 Barker took me straight to ahouse in Albany where he said he rented a room.
 On the way he tells methat from then on I should say I'm his son.
 So I do.
 We only stay inthe house three days.
 I'm willin' to keep under cover so he tells thelandlady an' everybody I ain't feelin' so well, that's the reason Idon't go out.
 Barker steps out plenty an' I hear him talkin' to thelandlady down the hall.
""What'd they talk about?" Skippy asked.
"Sure--it was nothin' much.
 A lotta boloney! Barker makes the damethink he's one grand old man--all for his wild son--all that bunk.
Anyways, the last day we're there he drags me out right after dark.
Takes me to a doctor.
 When I ast him what for, he says that's hisbusiness; that I should act like a sulky son.
 Well, I do it.
 The docgimme the up an' down an' says O.
 So we go back to the house an' thelandlady hands Barker a telegram that I found out afterward was fromFrost.
 It says somethin' about grandma bein' sick; that he should comehome to New York.
 It was signed Joe.
""Then you packed up an' come here, I bet," Skippy said.
 "He leaves the telegram on the bureau an' downin the hall he gives the landlady a coupla weeks' rent.
 Tells her if weain't back by then, he'll send the dough every week till we do getback.
 He give her a song and dance bout wantin' a farm when he comeback an' that he wanted the room to come back to so's he'd have a placewhile he was lookin'.
 When we come away he tells me it's a lottaboloney he give her; that he only wanted the room till this littlebusiness broke O.
 He says he ain't got no idea of goin' back there.
""Mm," said Nickie, "sounds like he was buildin' an alibi for hisself,hah?""That's what I gets thinkin'," Timmy admitted.
 "Anyways, we ride allnight an' plenty next mornin' till we hit a woods in the mountainswhere Barker parked his car way in the trees.
 We slep' there allafternoon, then start ridin' again when the sun was goin' down.
 Boutnine or so we come here.
 So's two kids bout ourage--Willie Meehan, an' Sammie Brown.
 Next day we get comparin'things--Willie comes from Boston an' Sammie from Syracuse.
 They crashedjugs like me, with Barker's help.
 What's more they all stayed in a cityroom a coupla days like me an' just before they leave a telegram comestellin' Barker he's gotta hustle to New York on business or that oldstuff bout his dying grandmother.
 Anyways it's Frost that always sends'em.
""An' those kids," Skippy asked eagerly, "did they say they wereBarker's sons an' go to a doctor like you?""Sure.
 It's the same old line--he'll do the same with you guys too.
Blamed if I know his racket, but when I'm here about a week, Williesays Barker's sendin' him west that night.
 Willie's here a little overa month then.
 Seems he don't keep kids much longer'n that--I'm overduenow!" He laughed grimly.
 "Anyways, he beats it with Willie an' we wasglad he was gettin' a break an' on his way.
 So two days after Barkercomes back--it's at night like he always comes an' goes an' Sammy an'me's sleepin' in this room.
 Frost and Barker think we're dead'sdoornails so when they come upstairs they get arguin' an' forget howloud they talk.
 Well, I'm awake and how! I hear the whole works.
""_Gee!_" Skippy breathed, happy in the thought that now perhaps hewould learn something of value to Mr.
 Conne, when he should be sofortunate as to see the detective again.
"Yeah, I said a lotta things like that when I was listening," Timmyconfided.
 "I heard Barker say somethin' about that Willie wouldn't gothrough.
 So Frost asks him what he did then.
 Barker says he had to dothe job hisself.
 Frost laughs when he hears that.
 He tells Devlin hebetter plan his jobs better if he don't wanta take the hot squat.
""_Devlin?_" Skippy asked breathlessly.
"Yeah, I forgot to tell--Barker's an alias.
 Devlin's his right moniker.
I found it out when I was here two days.
""So Frost told him he might burn?" Nickie asked, as if he was turningthis odd warning over in his mind.
 "And that's what makes you thinkBarker's a killer--'cause Frost cracked that?""Yeah--sure.
 What else? Sammy promised he'd try an' get word back to mesomehow so's to lemme know what job Barker wanted him to do, but heknew an' I knew it couldn't be done.
 Barker'd most likely send him toofar away afterward.
 He went a coupla weeks ago.
 I been alone since,wonderin' an' worryin' when my turn'd come an' what it'd be!" Timmytook a deep breath and almost sobbed.
 "If it's a killin' job--I ain'tgoin' through.
 I ain't gonna pull no trigger on nobody for Barker ornobody else!""Me, neither!" Nickie asserted flatly.
 "Looks like Barker springs us'cause it's easier than springin' older guys in the big house.
 Then hegets us for a job an' if anybody's grabbed it'll be us 'cause the lawfigures us future criminals anyway--see? Ten to one he dopes it wewon't squeal 'cause he's did us a favor.
""Just what _I_ think!" Timmy agreed.
Not having the lawless squint upon such matters, Skippy did not knowwhat to think.
 His active mind was full of plausible answers to theproblem, yet somehow he could find no convincing explanation as toDevlin's real motive.
 Why did the man, in each case, hire a room andhave the boy pose as his son? Why was each boy required to go with himto a physician? There seemed no answer to those questions.
 Particularlywas he puzzled as to why Devlin should accord them all thisprisoner-like treatment while they were awaiting release.
He got nowhere along this line.
 He always ended by asking himself thequestion: was Devlin as grim of soul as he was of features? Some innervoice was ever prompt in answering this query of his and it was alwaysthe same.
Yes!CHAPTER XIOVERHEARDSleep wouldn't come to Skippy that night.
 Hours after Timmy haddejectedly gone to his cot and Nickie had sunk into deep, untroubledslumber beside him, he lay on the hot bed worried and lonely.
 Aunt Minand Carlton Conne seemed separated from him by a dark and terribleabyss, and he shivered with the fear that he might not get back againto the people and places that typified law, order and safety.
He hadn't any illusions now.
 Clearly, nothing but a miracle would gethim out of the web which had so entangled him the moment he had beenplaced in Dean Devlin's car.
 Nothing save an almost impossiblecombination of favorable circumstances would make it possible for himto get word to Mr.
 And how, if it were true that Devlin keptthem imprisoned until he saw fit to embark them on the dark, mysterious"job," could those circumstances occur so that he might be of any realhelp to Carlton Conne? He despaired of any such good fortune.
The breeze was not strong enough to penetrate through the shutteredwindow now.
 Nothing but damp, humid heat found its way to his burningcheeks.
 He felt the stillness about the air augured a heavy storm andsoon he heard thunder in the distance.
The buzz of crickets, the tin-like sound of locusts vied with the deepthroated chorus of frogs about the house.
 Once an owl lent its eeriehoot to this droning night symphony and, as if in answer, anotherchorus of insects filled the air with dismal chantings.
Skippy stood it as long as he could, then got up and tiptoed to thewindow to get a breath of air.
 Through the bars he could see thequarter moon, a shimmering bit of silver light gleaming upon the swampand here and there transforming it into pools of shining, blacklacquer.
 Overhead, however, sullen clouds were slowly trespassing andit would be only minutes before the lonely place would be surrounded bydarkness and storm.
He clung to one of the bars and peered down upon the roof of thewoodshed just below the window.
 It would be an easy jump down there, hedecided--easy, if it were not for the five long strips of iron that soeffectually barred the way.
 Crude and amateurish though they looked,Skippy knew that they had been put there to withstand any such feebleattacks as his two bare hands might make upon them.
While he was digesting this fact he became aware of voices, Frost's andDevlin's, coming from the hall.
 He stepped toward the door noiselesslyand pressed his ear close against it.
The men were not in the hall as he had at first thought, they were intheir room with the door ajar.
 It was evident that they had intended toconverse in whispers, but presently they were launched upon an argumentand caution was forgotten.
"Tell me if you can," Devlin was saying angrily, "what I'm going to dowith those two Greeks, eh? It isn't enough that you didn't discoverwhat they were before we brought them all the way here, but on top ofit, you tell me I'll think of what to do about them! _I'll think_, eh?"He sneered.
 "All I can think of is that they're Greeks and that I don'tlook anything like a Greek or talk anything like one! How can I passthem off as my sons, eh?""Easy, boss, easy," Frost said placatingly, "I didn't know they wasGreeks no more'n you.
 They was sentenced before I gets into court.
 Theones I counted on was that Nickie and that other kid, Dippy and thatsmart-looking youngster John Doe.
 You coulda knocked me cold with afeather when Fallon tags the Greeks along.
 There wasn't no time toargue, was there?""All right--all right," Devlin boomed.
 "Just tell me what I'm going todo with 'em! They can't go back and tell what they've seen here and I'mnot going to go to the trouble of getting them off my hands withoutgetting some money out of it, that's all there is to it!""O.
" Frost's voice was rasping yet servile.
"There's black wigs a guy can buy, ain't there? Well, I'll grab me one,fix myself up like a grease ball, talk spig, take the kids one at atime and try my hand at your racket.
""Now you're talking, Frost.
 Take one--say, to Pittsburgh, eh? You'll befather and son looking for work in the mills.
 And I'd only aim for theminimum price on both of them.
 They're not worth taking any chances onbig money.
 The other Greek you could take--say to Maine.
 That's puttinga safe distance between, eh?""Sure thing, boss," Frost crowed.
 "And say, listen, why not lemme cleanup the job right on the spot, hey? No use makin' extra trips back here.
I can work it careful.
""Hmp--it's an idea, Frost.
 We'll dope it out after tomorrow night andTimmy's off my mind.
 Don't try to do anything until then.
" There was apause, then: "Do you think he's wise to anything? I sort of feel thathe was doing more than just whisper his family history to those otherkids.
""Nah; what could he say, hey? He ain't seen nothin' no more'n theothers.
 You're just gettin' nervous, that's all.
 But I'll tell youwhat, Dean, you _will_ make them kids wise that something's phoney withyour big heart racket, when you don't even trust 'em unless you got thekey to their room in your pocket.
 You're puttin' the lid flat down andscarin' the life out of 'em too soon.
 Now if I was you, I'd let 'emloose in the house.
 Maybe if you'd done that in Chi, Tucker wouldn'tgot away like he done.
 If he'd known where you hung out he'd been backand you'd cashed in on him.
""Well, I didn't and that's my funeral," Devlin said in measured tones.
"I'm only glad Tucker wasn't caught so he could spill out my racket.
 Iguess he got away all right or we'd have seen some flat-footed dickkeeping our trail warm before this.
 Anyway, I think you're right aboutlocking up the kids.
 I'll make 'em think I trust 'em even if I don't.
," Frost chuckled, "I'll do it right now and give 'em a surprisein the morning.
 Long's I got the keys to the downstairs doors in mypockets, we ain't got no cause to worry that they'll sneak.
"Skippy did not wait to hear more.
 He made a running jump from the doorto the bed and had assumed a restful, sleeping posture before Frost'skey scraped in the lock.
 But the man made no effort to enter.
 Instead,he turned on his heel and recrossed the hall to his room and presentlya deep silence pervaded the house.
Not many seconds later, the storm broke and the dark, eerie housetrembled and groaned like some stricken thing in the whistling gale.
CHAPTER XIITHE STORMRain lashed against the shutters and poured down the side of the housein torrents.
 Loose shingles slammed and clattered with every twist ofthe wind and the trees bowing down before its fury moaned piteously,their branches squeaking and crackling like ancient spectral voices inthe night.
A zig-zag streak of lightning flashed upon the dirty wall and the clapof thunder that followed seemed to sweep away all rational thought.
 ToSkippy, the world had suddenly gone mad and he did not wonder at itsince Devlin, asleep no doubt, had locked within his black heartsecrets which challenged even the warring elements.
Carlton Conne had said of Devlin that he was criminal, but notdangerously so.
 Perhaps that had been true once, but not now.
 Devlinhad contributed something more than just law evasion to the sordidatmosphere of the house.
 Human laws defied had given the place itsdark, furtive character for one sensed it in every nook and corner thatmade up the tottering structure.
The storm screamed on and through the tiny, hot room a cooling breezenow found its way.
 Skippy shifted around to the foot of the bed and letthe welcome air blow over him.
 He wished he might call out and hear acheery answer from Big Joe Tully as in the old river days.
 Nickie wasstill undisturbed by the shrieking night and Timmy, though restless andtossing about, was asleep.
Skippy thought of the two Greeks, Shorty and Biff, apparently obliviousof the meaning of it all.
 Their bland, oily faces reflected prettyaccurately the stupid squint which they had on their petty thievingpractices; it was the only thing they knew, the only means of livingwhich they could understand.
 Skippy wondered how they would feel aboutthe dark and seemingly sinister "job" which Devlin or Frost woulddemand that they carry out as the price for their sympathetic"protection.
"Not for a moment was Skippy deceived as to who was the brains of theDevlin-Frost combination.
 Frost was a chuckling, subservient thief, butit was in the depths of Dean Devlin's dubious soul that the plans werecarefully laid.
He was making mental note of all these things in anticipation of theday when he should see Carlton Conne and give his report.
 It made not abit of difference that this day now seemed remote--it had to comesometime! He would spend all his waking hours preparing for it despitethe bars and locked doors that mocked him.
He would escape somehow--some day!The sound of scurrying rats overhead gave him a brilliant idea.
 Theattic! Was that barred also? He determined to find out somehow, nowthat Frost had so generously secured for them the run of the house.
Well, he would run, certainly, just as soon as the opportunitypresented itself.
As he meditated he heard Timmy throw himself from the cot and shriek.
Skippy was on his feet and helping him up in a second.
"Dreaming--huh, Timmy?"Timmy was trembling violently.
 "It was like as if it was true," he saidin a choking voice.
 "I'm dreamin' it's a night like this an' I'm outwith Devlin in a funny-lookin' old car.
""Aw, it's this storm what made you dream," Nickie interposed, arousedby the commotion and sitting up rubbing his eyes.
Timmy's protest was almost a sob.
 "I'm tellin' you it was real-like!We're ridin' along in the dark an' it's lightnin' an' I'm gettin' wetan' I shiver.
 All of a sudden it don't look like Devlin sittin' besideme no more--it's like a ghost without no body--just big, starin' eyeslike Devlin's--then I'm wise he's a killer--see? But he's gonna kill_me_!" Timmy crawled up on his cot and sat down, still trembling.
"Somehow I don't remember what happened after that till I feel like I'mrunnin' an' that Devlin's chasin' me.
 Then when I feel like I'm halfdead I look up an' see it's this house.
 Up in the attic I see you an'Nickie at the little window.
 I'm hurt an' tell how Devlin tries to killme.
 All of a sudden long arms come reachin' out from behind a big treeout in front.
 All I see is Devlin's starin' eyes an' I'm sorta chokin'to death when I wake up on the floor.
""Holy Smoke!" Nickie exclaimed.
 "What a guy! Can't you pick out nothin'better to dream about?"Skippy sat down beside Timmy and patted him sympathetically.
 Suddenlythe door opened and they saw Devlin's tall form outlined there.
"What's going on here?" he asked impatiently.
"Timmy," Skippy ventured; "he's hadda bad dream an' it threw him outabed!""Hmph!" the man boomed in his funereal voice.
 "Dreams don't come true!Get back to bed and to sleep, you kids!" He shut the door and theyheard his bare feet patter across the hall.
Nickie sneered contemptuously at the door.
 "It'd be too bad for you,Devlin, if that dream did come true!""But it won't," Skippy said soothingly.
 "My aunt always says dreams arealways opposite.
"Timmy had got hold of himself somewhat, and valiantly tried to forgethis dream.
 "Yep," he agreed, "I guess that's right.
 Mebbe it was theheat an' my stomach.
 I never could eat right fore goin' to bed withoutdreamin' terrible things.
 But I never dreamed nothin' bad's that,that's all.
" He laughed nervously.
 "Aw, I'll forget it!"Skippy wondered if he really would.
 Somehow he had the feeling that hewouldn't forget it--not ever!CHAPTER XIIITHE EVERGREEN TREEThe remainder of the night was a torment.
 Toward dawn Skippy dozedoccasionally only to awaken each time with a start to find himselftrembling and expectant.
 What he might hear or see he could notimagine, but he watched with relief the murky light of the new dayseeping in through the chinks of the shutter and routing the dismalgloom that kept him in breathless suspense.
The light did no more than seep in, however, for the storm left in itswake gray, sullen skies and air that was warm and still.
 Frost wentdownstairs about six o'clock--Skippy had already learned to distinguishhis lighter, hurried step from Devlin's heavy tread.
 Then, after amoment, he heard the man at the barn, and soon the low hum of the carwas audible as he backed it out and around the house.
Silence reigned in the dismal place for another hour or so and thenSkippy heard Devlin moving about in his room.
 When the man walkedhurriedly downstairs, Nickie awoke, wild-eyed and staring.
"_Who--what's that?_" he whispered hoarsely.
"Just Devlin," Skippy answered.
 "What's the matter--you ain't beendreamin' like Timmy?"Nickie ran his fingers through his straight black hair as he sat up.
 "Idon't know--maybe so.
 I just get scared when I hear the least littlesound in this joint.
 _Me_, that's never been scared of nothin'--hah!""I know," Skippy admitted.
 "I guess Devlin makes us feel that way, huh?"Nickie nodded.
 "If I didn't hate the jug worse'n this house, I'd say,let's sneak.
""Maybe we'll have to," Skippy said softly, and nodded toward thesleeping Timmy.
 "If we stick round s'long as he's done an' get likehe's now, I'd rather take a chance an' beat it.
 "Anythin' you say, kid, an' I'm stringin'along.
 Even if you're only a kid, that bean of yours works all day.
"Skippy warmed to Nickie for that tribute and he felt less afraid.
 Itgave him a sense of strength to know that he had such an ally for herealized that he could do little alone.
Devlin called them gruffly to breakfast and the food wasn't bad.
 Itwould have been almost pleasant, Skippy ventured to remark, if theyonly had more light in the kitchen.
 Nickie agreed to this, but Timmyseemed in a daze.
After breakfast, Devlin made a concession which took them by surprise.
"On account of the weather being so hot," he said gravely, "I'm goingto let you boys stay outside a while.
 "It's taking a chance to let you out, but I'm countingon you not straying away from in sight of this house--_understand_?"After a pause, he added: "I got my reasons.
"They understood only too well and made no further comment when Devlinunlocked the front door and sat on the ugly high stoop as they passeddown and into the clearing about the house.
 Timmy sat on the bottomstep, blinking his blue eyes and clasping and unclasping his hands.
"What's the matter?" Skippy asked sympathetically.
 "I been in that dark house so long, my eyes don't knowhowta act, that's all.
" He took a long, deep breath of the murky air asif it were the utmost luxury.
 Then suddenly his thin, pale face becamealmost colorless and he nodded toward the right of the clearing.
The other boys turned and saw a huge evergreen tree spreading itsbranches over the sinister house.
 Not a breath of air rustled its broadboughs--it seemed to stand there waiting.
"The tree in my dream!" Timmy said, trembling.
 "I never seen it tillnow! When I come here it's night an' I don't notice it.
 I never lookedout front--just now it's the first.
""What's he talking about?" Devlin said, annoyed, from the top of thestoop.
"About that tree!" Nickie said, with ill-concealed contempt.
 "He had aterrible dream bout it last night--see?"Devlin bit his lip and frowned.
 "It's nonsense! What's wrong with you,Timmy, eh?""What wouldn't be wrong, hah?" Nickie retorted sullenly.
 "If he'dstayed in the pen he wouldn't got no worse treatment than you givehim--shuttin' him up a month in this hole till he's all shot.
 I ain'tsayin' that it ain't better late than never, but even up in Delafieldthey don't keep a guy shut away from the daylight.
 Timmy or none of us_asked_ you to spring us so you might give us a break an' treat us likehuman bein's.
"Devlin's lips were set and grim and his beetle brows were so drawn thatthey made a deep furrow above his large nose.
 "Listen, you," he saidangrily, "any more talk like that from you and you'll regret it.
 I'mrunning this and whether you did or didn't ask to be sprung, makes nodifference.
 You'll keep your mouth shut--_understand_!"The Greeks, smiling and silent until then, emitted a sound of dismay.
Nickie mumbled something under his breath but made no other answer forthe warning note in Devlin's voice was not to be misunderstood.
 Skippygulped, and just then they heard the unmistakable sound of an old carchugging along through the narrow swamp trail.
Presently Frost appeared in the clearing, driving an ancient,dilapidated car that groaned and ground to a stop.
 The sight of it wasamusing and the boys stared at it, smiling and curious.
 Timmy, however,did not share this curiosity.
He had taken one look at the car, and fainted.
CHAPTER XIVTALK AMONG FRIENDSThe day dragged by and though Timmy seemed to have recovered from theeffects of his spell, he moped around, melancholy and wrapped in hisown gloomy thoughts.
"He's goin' nuts, that's what he is," Nickie whispered to Skippy afterthe evening meal was over.
"That's why we ain't stayin' to get like him," Skippy whispered back.
Nickie winked and nodded.
 He was beginning to see Skippy's point ofview more and more.
They had cleared away the dishes and sat down to a game of cards atShorty's suggestion, which was received with enthusiasm, and even Timmyhad brightened and apparently put out of his mind the fears that had sounnerved him during the day.
Just before dusk, Devlin and Frost went out and locked the back doorbehind them.
 The boys hurried to the two back windows and peered outthrough the chinks in the shutters to watch the men go to the barn andpresently back out in the queer looking car.
"Wonder where they're goin'?" Skippy asked of no one in particular.
"Oh, they'll be back," said Timmy grimly.
 "For _me_!" He lunged back tothe table and took up his hand of cards with grim determination.
"Atta boy!" Skippy said.
 "Gee, Timmy, don't get down again, huh? Devlincan't _make_ you do nothin' you don't wanta.
 You'll soon find out whathe's gonna tell you to do.
 Beat it after that; soon's you get thechance.
""Yeah, some chance it'll be takin', I bet!" Timmy exclaimed.
 "I got ahunch an' that's all there's to it.
 But I ain't lettin' myself go offthe handle no more--I wanta keep what nerve I got to tell Devlin wherehe's gettin' off if he springs any killin' jobs on _me_.
""That goes double," Nickie said, suddenly very serious.
 "I don't likethe look in Devlin's eye, he looks crazy b'lieve _me_, an' Timmy'sright bout needin' all his nerve.
 He'll need it--we'll all need it whenthe time comes.
 An' lissen, guys, maybe we'll wanta know how we makeout afterwards, hah? What d'ye say we dope out where we'll writeletters to, hah?"Shorty laughed.
 "Eet is funny, Neeckie.
 You talk lak that when mebbe weall see each other again some place out west together, eh? Ees that notwhat you thought when we come here, yes?""Yeah--I thought a lotta things when I come here," Nickie answered.
"That's why I come.
 But I ain't so sure about Devlin sendin' ussomewheres out west where we'll meet--see! He ain't said nothin', so Iguess it means we say so long when we blow here.
 Anyways, we land someplace; there ain't no sayin' there won't be somewheres we'll go, so Isay let's write an' tell each other how we shook Devlin or how wedidn't.
 Now I got a aunt where you guys can write me in New York.
 AfterI get fixed wherever I go, I'll tip her off an' she'll send me theletters.
""I got a aunt in Glens Falls," Timmy said brightening.
"I got a aunt in New York, too!" Skippy added.
 They all laughed at thecoincidence, but Shorty and Biff broke into the conversation eagerly.
"I got Pop an' Mom in New York!" Shorty announced proudly.
"Me, too!" said Biff.
 "We leeve next door Shorty an' I bet they allcrazy we don't show at Delafield.
"They fell to talking about their parents proudly.
 Nickie did somereminiscing about his aunt's kindly care of him and it seemed thatTimmy had somewhat the same story to tell.
 Skippy was listeningintently, but at the same time his mind was going back to the nightbefore when he had heard Devlin denouncing Frost for having brought thetwo Greeks along.
"Say, fellers," he said suddenly.
 "Shorty an' Biff got parents, huh?You, Nickie, an' Timmy an' me--we ain't got none.
 I heard Devlin an'Frost talkin' last night--I couldn't sleep so I heard what they said.
One thing I know was that Devlin was burnin' up, 'cause he asked Frostwhat was he gonna do bout Shorty and Biff 'cause they're Greek'n' hecouldn't pass 'em off for his sons.
 So Frost says he'll take 'emhimself--one he'll take to Pittsburgh an' the other to Maine.
 Anyway,Devlin was mad that they came 'cause he said he didn't expect 'em.
 Soyou know what I think, fellers?""Spill it, kid," Nickie said.
"That Devlin picks on orphans a-purpose!""Say," Nickie said, admiringly, "that's brains, kid, an' I don't meanmaybe.
 That's callin' the turn.
 Holy Smoke, if that don't seem likewhat he's doin'--the orphan racket, hah?" Nickie said as if to himself.
"I wonder why, hah?"Skippy grinned.
 "I doped out a little about him--maybe I can dope outthe rest, huh?""Here's hopin', kid," Timmy said smiling.
 "Anyways, even if you don't,maybe when I find what's what an' get shipped west--maybe I can tip offthe bulls so's you guys won't have no killin' jobs to do when Devlinputs the bee on you.
 It'd be better to go to Delafield an' get a coupleyears off on good behavior than be in the spot I'm in tonight.
""Yeah," said Nickie thoughtfully, "that's callin' the shot, Timmy.
 Evenmy full stretch'd be better'n what I'd get for goin' along with Devlin.
Anyways, it ain't no bad idea to tip off the dicks if you can.
""You speak crazy!" Biff interrupted.
 "Timmy teep off, yes, but where hetell them deecks to find us, eh? Do we know where we are, eh?"The looks they exchanged were an admission of defeat.
 After all, didTimmy know where he had been this past month and a half--did any ofthem in that damp, shadowy room have the slightest idea where thelonely house was situated? New York State? New Jersey? Pennsylvania?They might have been in the vast, trackless wilderness of Africa, socleverly had Devlin concealed from them the location of that dismalhouse.
Skippy was reminded then of the boy Tucker about whom Mr.
 Conne hadtold him.
 Tucker hadn't known either where the house was located inwhich Devlin had kept him imprisoned for a full month.
 There wassomething very painstaking in Devlin's methods.
 He either completelyconfused his reform school "protégés" by taking them to live in a houseand street which had its counterpart in hundreds of other houses andstreets or else he confounded them utterly by driving them deep intothis swampy wilderness under cover of night.
What were they to do?An idea came to Skippy--why not write a letter and give it to Timmy tomail? In the next second, he was thankful that the impulse hadn'tflourished under cold reasoning for he suddenly realized that Devlinwould be just the man to anticipate that sort of thing and Timmy wouldbe relieved of any such messages immediately.
 Also, he was reminded ofCarlton Conne's warning: "Get in touch with no one, kid--tell no one_anything_ unless you're certain that it's one of my men .
 it's theonly way that Dean Devlin can ever be caught .
 and your job, kid, isto help me set the trap!"_His job--to help set the trap!_ What was he to do?He was still asking himself that when Frost came into the back yard inthe noisy, ancient car.
 Devlin had preceded him in the closed car andwas already locking it up in the barn.
"Looks like they took the junk pile to get the big guy's closed car,hah?" Nickie said, not exactly at ease.
Timmy was looking over his shoulder, watching through the shutters thebackyard scene under Devlin's powerful flashlight.
 "Looks like I'mgonna ride in the junk pile tonight," he said simply.
 "I wonder why,hey?"Skippy felt suddenly choked and unable to utter a sound and, judging bythe silence, the other boys were experiencing the same difficulty.
CHAPTER XVHIS JOBEven if they had been capable of speaking afterward, Devlin gave themlittle time.
 He came in, hurried upstairs and came down again in a fewminutes, carrying a suitcase and wearing his usual dark clothes.
 Heordered Frost to stay close to the house until he returned.
 And withoutseeming to see the silent, staring boys he nodded at Timmy with someshow of impatience.
"Time's short--come on!"Skippy could still feel the strong, firm clasp of Timmy's handshakelong after the ancient car clattered out of the back yard.
 He feltrestless, and Nickie, that heroic defier of man-made petty laws, seemedstunned and fearful.
Shorty and Biff, a little too blunt to be long affected by anything,were comfortably seated again at the table arguing in their nativetongue over a game of cards.
 Frost was seated opposite them, absorbedin a New York newspaper.
"All along I been sorta thinkin' we might be layin' it on kinda thick,"Nickie whispered at Skippy's side.
 "Know what I mean? Aw, I thoughtmebbe we'd got thinkin' the worsta Devlin counta that funeral pan he'sgot an' the house an' all--see? People get jumpy just talkin' boutghosts, don't they? Well, that's what I mean--I thought we got thinkin'he's a killer like Timmy done an' we couldn't thinka him as nothin'else.
 Up till just before they beat it I tells myself mebbe it's justhis old racket, the swindlin' game that he's workin' in a new way withus kids as fall guys--see? But when I sees his face an' his eyes allfunny an' starin' when he tells Timmy to c'mon, I get feelin' badinside.
""Me too," Skippy agreed, after he had made certain that Frost was notwatching them.
"Say, kid," Nickie said, between half-closed lips, "I ain't feelin'we're thinkin' the worsta him now.
 I'm feelin' that mebbe he's worse'n'what we think, he is--see!"They sauntered toward the table at that juncture for Frost was lookingup from his paper.
 His shrewd, colorless eyes observed them and histhin mouth was wrinkled mirthfully.
"Something in this here paper might give you kids a laff," he chuckled.
"Here, sit down and read it--I gotta go up to my room and do a fewthings.
"He was still chuckling when he left the kitchen but none of the boyspaid him any attention then.
 They were too interested in the page whichNickie spread out and on which they read the headlines:HOLD UP POLICE,HELP BOYS FLEEREFORMATORY TERMGangsters Wrest Four From InjuredGuards After Delafield BoundAuto Is Ditched.
JOHN DOE IS RESCUEDHe And Three Others Escape WithArmed Aid--Comb CountryFor Fugitives.
There were two columns of the story.
 It had been discovered that thecar had been tampered with and the driver told of being drawn intoconversation while he was waiting at the courthouse by a "queer-lookingman, dressed like a mechanic.
" Also, he described how the boys had beentaken from him at the point of a gun and how Dippy Donovan had refusedto escape.
 It was hinted at the reformatory that the boy, because ofhis behavior, stood a chance of having more than half his sentenceremitted.
"They'd do that for us too, eh?" Shorty remarked regretfully.
 "The timeeet go quick then an' when we got out we go 'ome, eh? Now we don't go'ome teel we do stretch.
 Now we go west where Devlin send us.
 Always weare seeck for 'ome but we can't go.
""Yeah," said Nickie wistfully, "that's the trouble.
 It's justa badbreak.
 I never give it a tumble before bout home, sweet home.
 All Ithought was what a joke on them dicks when we pull a fast one.
 I neverthink how it ain't such a joke goin' west where we can't go home unlesswe take a rap.
 An' it'll be harder doin' the stretch afterward thannow--why didn' I thinka that, hah?""I coulda told you if I hadn't been out," Skippy said thoughtfully.
"Yeah, sure thing, kid.
 You got brains.
 Me, I think I'm smart--see! Idon't think how I'm gonna get homesick out west an' wanta see my auntan' New York too.
 Holy Smoke, I don't wanna be dodgin' dicks forever!"he added, bitterly.
Bragging, laughing boy-heroes the day before, they were all bitter andresentful now.
 Their grand dream of escape, their defiance of the law,had brought them nothing but disappointment, and instead of knowingthat each day brought them nearer to freedom, they were to be foreverpursued by the spectral arm of the law.
 It threatened them with adouble punishment should they come back voluntarily, yet it stoodbetween them and their homes if they evaded it.
Skippy was absorbed in these thoughts just as if he had been one ofthem.
 He no longer felt that he was playing a part or acting as thespring of the trap into which Mr.
 Conne hoped Devlin would fall; hefelt that the whole thing had become too realistic and that the springof the trap was threatening to snap upon himself instead of Devlin.
Nickie broke into his musing.
 "Aw, we ain't gettin' nowheres by sittin'here mopin' about it, hah? C'mon, kid, let's play rummy.
"Skippy had been turning the pages of the paper, giving them a cursoryglance.
 As he turned to the ninth page he saw a column marked PERSONALand directly under it he saw his name.
 His heart pounded furiously.
"Yeah, later," he said, trying to make his voice sound calm.
 "I gottaread the baseball news.
"Nickie nodded absently for he was already absorbed in a good hand ofcards which Biff had just dealt him.
 Skippy made certain that they wereall equally absorbed; also, he made certain that Frost was still quietupstairs.
 Then he proceeded to read.
SKIP: UNDERSTAND UNEXPECTED MOVE--SHOULD HAVE PREPARED FOR THAT.
 YOU MUST SEND WORD SOMEHOW--IT'S YOUR JOB!.
"He must send word--_somehow_! _It was his job!_ No one but CarltonConne could have said it just like that--no one but Carlton Conne couldhave written it! And Skippy thrilled at the thought, thrilled each timehe read the vivid message.
 He _would_ get word to him somehow,particularly since he had seen in print that it was his job to donothing else but! There was no doubt about it now.
Carlton Conne had signed himself as _Boss_!CHAPTER XVIA NOTEA half hour later, Skippy had decided on one phase of his job.
 Heclimbed the dusty stairway and proceeded to the door of a room which noboy had been allowed to enter.
Frost answered his knock but did not ask him in.
 He had jumped up froma small, battered table upon which he had been writing, and now hestood in the open doorway, his colorless eyes searching Skippy's facein surprise.
"Can you lend me some paper an' pencil?" the boy asked briskly.
 "What for?""To work out cross-word puzzles," Skippy answered, his eyes meetingFrost's gaze unflinchingly.
 "The kids are playin' cards an' I wanna dosomething.
 "I work cross-word puzzles--every night!""Mm!" Frost seemed to be turning the thought over and over.
 Finally, hewalked to the table and taking a bunch of keys from his pocket, heselected one and opened a little drawer.
 When he came back to the doorhe held out a pencil and two sheets of ordinary note-paper.
 "Here,kid," he said, chuckling, "cross-word puzzle all night if you feel likeit.
"Skippy took the paper smilingly but did not stop for furtherconversation.
 He wasn't taking any chances and he hurried downstairsagain before Frost could think it over and perhaps recall him.
For an hour, Skippy scribbled and wrote all over one sheet of thepaper.
 The other piece of paper along with a pencil of his own hecarefully concealed under his belt.
 And, when the game of rummy wasbroken up around midnight, the boy had torn his scribbling sheet into ahundred bits and scattered it on the table.
 Then when they wentupstairs, he returned the pencil to Frost.
Fifteen minutes later, he saw the rim of light disappear from under thedoor jamb and he knew that Frost had blown out his lantern and wasgoing to bed.
 He waited breathlessly then and after some minutes gotout of bed and tiptoed to the door where he listened intently.
It was some time before he was rewarded with the sound of Frost's firstlabored snore.
 Then he roused Fallon.
"Don't make a sound, Nick," he whispered.
"I won't, kid!" Nickie murmured sleepily.
 Then he sat up.
 "What'swrong?""I'm gonna write a note, Nickie--I'll tell you why after.
 What I wantyou to do is go over to the door an' listen for Frost's snore.
 If hestops, gimme the high sign.
 I'm gonna light the lantern an' take itover by the window.
 The light won't show into the hall from there.
""Good dope, kid," Nickie agreed, stepping out onto the floor.
 "But whatyou gonna write with, hah? You gave Frost back the pencil.
 "I got my own, but I didn't wanna make him suspicious.
 Iwanted some paper so's I could write this note tonight when I got thechance.
 If I didn't ask for a pencil, then he'd know I had one--get me?I tore up the one sheet I scribbled on--tore it up in a lotta piecesso's he could see it.
 He won't know whether it's one or two sheets ofhis paper that I used an' I'm takin' a chance he thinks it's the twosheets.
 Anyway, I don't think he'll give it a thought that I held backthe other sheet 'cause I give him back the pencil.
""Kid, there's no mud on you," said Nickie admiringly.
 "Get the lanternan' write your note.
 I'll listen an' if I hear a peep outa him, I'llcough--see?"Skippy got the lantern down from the hook on the side wall.
 He took itover to the window and set it down firmly on the sill, then spread outthe neatly folded note-paper and began to write:"After the accident we rode and rode--through woods and everyplace, I don't know where.
 It was eight or nine o'clock when we gothere, a terrible lonesome house with swamp and woods all round.
It's got bars all inside on the windows so we can't get out.
 A boynamed Timmy Brogan went with him tonight so a feller named Frost(his pal) is here with us now.
 There's three kids besides me andmaybe by the time you get this two will be gone.
 Anyway, boss, allI can tell you about it, is Frost said this house used to be in avillage but the village burned down all round it.
 So instead ofbuilding up the village again the people moved twenty-five milesaway near a railroad--that was seventy-five years ago.
 Frost saysit's the house that people forgot and he says nobody knew about itbut a nit-wit hermit that died last year.
 So this is all I knowabout where I am.
 I get headaches kind of from it being so hot inthis house with all the shutters closed too, but outside of that,I'm all right.
 Devlin's terrible mysterious and queer acting bossand the kid that went tonight said _he_ was a worse man than everyou think.
 Anyway, I hope I can give this to somebody soon so youcan find out where we are and help us.
Nickie was still a patient sentinel and he smiled encouragingly.
 Skippytook heart and folded up the note and wrote outside:"To Whoever Gets this Will they Please send this to the ManhattanWorld, New York City .
 And keep this a secret or elsewe'll be taken away and won't get helped!"Below it, he added:"To the Editor of the Personal Column.
 An Answer to Boss' inFriday's paper, August 19.
"He put down his pencil and folded the note still smaller.
 Then he gotone of his shoes and slipped the paper inside of the loose lining.
After that, he nodded to Nickie and putting the light out they crawledinto bed.
"Devlin'll be takin' one of us to go through that doctor's examinationbusiness soon's he gets back, Nickie," Skippy whispered.
 "Whoever hetakes, will take that note 'cause it'll bring us help if we wait ourchance an' slip it to somebody we think we can trust.
 We'll passsomebody going back an' forth to the doctor's office an' it's better ifit's a lady.
""Yeah, an _old_ lady," Nickie murmured, thinking wistfully of his goodaunt.
 "Them you can trust.
""For two reasons we shouldn't give it to the doctor," Skippy warned.
"Devlin might get wise, an' besides the doctor might be workin' withDevlin.
 So we gotta be careful, huh?""You tell 'em! Kid, you're a wonder at dopin' out things.
 If it wasn'tfor you, I'd be in the dumps--you keep a guy all pepped up.
""Aw, it ain't anything.
 I wanna help myself too, don't I? But I trustyou, Nickie, honest.
 I wouldn't let you in on this if I didn't.
 Shortyand Biff are out 'cause I don't feel sure of 'em.
""Yeah, they're too dumb.
 But take it from me--Nickie Fallon's been yourpal from the minute I saw you--see? An' that means it's all jakebetween us.
 Justa show how much you can trust me, kid, I won't evenread that note if I'm gonna be the one to take it.
 I'll keep it in myshoe till Devlin ain't lookin' an' I see that old lady.
 What youwrote's your business an' I ain't buttin' in.
"Skippy knew that Fallon was sincere.
 And though, at first, he was alittle fearful that he had not obeyed orders strictly to the letter, heknew that Carlton Conne would understand that he _had_ to take Nickieinto his confidence this little bit.
 He had purposely refrained fromsending the message direct to the great detective or bringing the nameof the International Detective Agency into it in any way lest the noteshould fall into unfriendly hands.
After all, he told himself, no one, not even Nickie, could guess who hewas or the part he was playing, from the contents of that note.
Certainly, Devlin wouldn't guess, if he read it, that the man addressedas "Boss" was the man who was determined to track him down--none otherthan that famous detective, Carlton Conne!He had done all that he could do now.
 They had to be patient and waituntil one or the other could safely place the note in the hands of sometrustworthy person.
 Thus far they were safe and sound, Skippy assuredhimself.
 At least they were tonight.
But what of tomorrow?CHAPTER XVIIA CHANGE OF PLANSThe day dawned cloudy and gray and when Skippy woke at eight o'clock helooked in vain for a ray of heartening sunlight.
 Nothing but warm aircame in through the shutters and it was sticky and close.
Nickie sat up and stretched lazily.
 "Wow! What a headache, kid," hesaid, rubbing his forehead.
 "How's yours, hah?""Bad as last night," Skippy answered mournfully.
 "We gotta expectheadaches in a hot, dark house like this, huh? Gee whiz, Nickie,sump'n's gotta happen to get us outa here soon or I'll be like Timmy, Iguess.
 Here it's only the second mornin' an' I feel like it's a year.
"Nickie was up and listening at the door while Skippy was talking.
"Where is he?" he asked, on the alert.
"Frost went downstairs most an hour ago, so don't worry.
 I heard himwalkin' an' walkin' round his room just like he had sump'n on his mind.
Then all of a sudden he comes out into the hall'n' locks his door likehe always does an' beats it downstairs.
 Sump'n must be up.
"Skippy was right--something was up.
 They found out what it was whenthey appeared in the kitchen for breakfast a few minutes later.
 Frostwas hurrying back and forth from the yard and down to the cellarbearing pails of water from the pump outside.
"I'm putting five days' water supply in the crock down cellar," heexplained after his last trip.
 "Keep the cover on it tight like I'mleaving it, and it'll stay fresh and cold.
 There's canned stuff andother grub so you can feed and I'll show you how else you can managebefore I leave.
""You beatin' it?" Nickie asked.
 His colorless eyes dropped before their gaze.
And, as if to change the subject, he asked: "D'ye know if them Greekkids are awake?""No, we didn't hear a thing when we come down," Skippy answeredpromptly.
 Then, out of a clear sky he hurled the query: "Why, you ain'ttakin' 'em away, are you, Mr.
 Frost?"Frost was disconcerted.
 "Why--er--sure!" he stammered.
 "I am! I--ifDev--if Barker comes back--he should be here by Wednesday, tell himthere's a note in the room explainin' matters.
" He blinked hiscolorless eyes, then added: "I'm lockin' you kids up for five days, butI'm leavin' you the run of the house--that's how much I trust you!""Says you!" Nickie sneered.
Points of color appeared upon Frost's cheeks.
 He glared at Fallon andasked, "What d'ye mean, hey?""Ain't them ears pinned on your head?" was Nickie's retort.
 "It lookslike we're trusted with bars all over the joint an' even on the cellarwinders, hah? It looks like we're trusted when the bars ain't evenenough, so you hadda padlock all the shutters too.
 Yeah, that stuffgoes for Sweeny.
""That's Dev--Barker's idea--not mine--get me? Anyway, I ain't got notime to argue.
 We'll hash it over when I get back," Frost snapped.
He turned, went upstairs and Nickie proceeded with the making ofcoffee.
 Skippy got a package of bacon from the cupboard and silentlyset about the task of frying it.
 Words wouldn't come--he could donothing but listen and wait.
 For what, he didn't know.
When Shorty and Biff came downstairs and back to the kitchen they weretheir usual smiling selves.
 Nickie looked from his coffee pot to themand Skippy's eyes traveled back and forth from their round faces to thebriskly frying bacon.
"Frost tell you he's beatin' it with you guys this morning?" Nickieasked.
"And you ain't nervous or nothin', hah?" Nickie asked, amazed that Biffcould smile.
 The queecker we go, the queecker comes the time we sneak home.
""We theenk maybe we tell dees Frost we rather not go to Peetsburgh orMaine or what it ees he wants to take us," Shorty spoke up.
 "We theenkwe ask heem to take us home so we can say hello, then we go Delafield.
Maybe they lop off time for us too 'cause we come back, eh?""Maybe," Skippy said in a small voice.
"You never can tell," Nickie said, his eyes staring into space.
They ate in silence, a strange oppressive silence, and Skippy feltalmost glad when Frost's hurried steps sounded on the stairs.
 If it hadto be, it was better to have it over now than to endure the tension ofwaiting and living in dread.
A smile and a handclasp and they were gone.
 Nickie and Skippy stoodlistening as Frost locked the woodshed door from the outside.
 When thecar chugged softly outside they made no attempt to go to the windowsand look.
 Neither one moved an inch until the sound of the motor hadceased to echo in the clearing.
"If I thought Frost didn't have no gun, I'd jumped him," said Nickie atlast.
 "But catch him and Devlin in a racket like this without carryin'rods, hah?"Skippy was again reminded of Carlton Conne's assurance that Dean Devlinwas not the gun-toting kind of criminal.
 The boy had no doubt but thatthat had been true of Devlin once, but not now.
 Too, the detective hadsaid that Devlin was after people's money--not people.
 In the light ofwhat Skippy now knew, that also was no longer true.
 Devlin hadevidently made rapid strides in criminality.
 He had taken on a partnerand whatever his mystery racket was, the fact that he trafficked inthese convicted boys, evidently for gain, robbed him completely of thesuperficial glamour his adventurous life might have previously givenhim.
"Say, Nickie," Skippy said at length, "we got five days here alone an'if we can't do a Houdini in that time we're a coupla bums.
"Nickie's face became radiant.
 "Gotta plan, kid?""I gotta hunch maybe we can work loose a coupla bars in some window! Ifwe can't find a crowbar, maybe we'll find sump'n else, huh? We'll startdown cellar right away.
""You said it, kid!" Nickie was enthusiastic.
 "And when we scram outathis drum, I'll say like Biff and Shorty, we'll go home'n' say helloan' then tell the dicks we're reportin' for Delafield.
"Skippy thought of an old saying of his aunt's about an ill wind blowingsomeone some good.
 Timmy, the Greeks, and now Nickie all seemed to losetheir defiance of the law under Devlin's evil roof.
 If it took an evilto cure an evil then their contact with the arch criminal had not beenentirely in vain.
CHAPTER XVIIITHE SEARCHThe cellar yielded nothing in their search but mouldy rubbish, ancientcobwebs and the stone crock which Frost had indicated as their watersupply.
 A broken shovel which Skippy salvaged from one of the rubbishpiles was dragged upstairs with the forlorn hope that it might proveuseful if they found nothing better.
The kitchen cupboard was next attacked but after an hour's work theyfound that that too availed them nothing.
 Warm and perspiring, theywalked through the gloomy rooms and sat down to rest in the vast,almost dark parlor.
 Skippy looked around at the chairs and sighed.
"We've gotta find sump'n, Nickie!" he said.
 "It ain't gonna be no jokesittin' here an' knowin' we _could_ get out if we had sump'n to workwith!""Don't I know it, kid!" Nickie said, running his fingers through hisstraight, black hair.
 "It's like night all the time in here an' theempty rooms an' creakin' floors'd drive anybody nuts.
" Suddenly hestraightened up, tense with a new idea.
 "Lissen, kid! How bout theirroom, hah? They'd be wise that we'd go huntin' sump'n, so what theydon't want us findin' they lock in their room, hah? That's it--_theirroom_!""Yeah, but it's locked," Skippy reminded him.
"Sure, it's locked," Nickie admitted smilingly.
 "But that's where Icome in--see? Whadda you s'pose the dicks grabbed me for, hah? Listen,there ain't no lock I can't pick if I stick at it long enough.
 I'd pickthem doors downstairs if they wasn't metal an' outside locks.
"Skippy could not conceal his smile.
 "Aw, don't worry, kid.
 It'll be the last lock Iever pick.
" Suddenly he was serious and looked straight at Skippy.
"Say, kid, I can't believe you ever beat the law even onct.
""Holy Smoke! Framed, hah?""Sorta.
""If I could lay my mitts on the guy what.
""Aw, forget it, Nickie," Skippy said, rising.
 "When we get away we'lltalk about it, huh? Gee whiz, I'm here an' so we gotta be thinkin' boutgettin' out quick's we can.
"They went hopefully upstairs.
 Armed with a small kitchen knife Nickiestarted operations at the keyhole of the room which Frost and Devlinoccupied but it was late that afternoon when it yielded.
They burst into this private and mysterious sanctum with cries of joy,then stopped a little beyond the threshold and surveyed the room with afeeling of disappointment.
 It was furnished little better than theirroom and aside from an old iron bed, there was a single chair, a trunk,and a cracked mirror which hung over the dilapidated writing table.
There were two windows, barred and shuttered like the rest of thehouse.
 Skippy noticed that, then walked to the far end of the room andopened a closet door.
"A ladder, Nickie!" he exclaimed, joyfully.
 "I betcha it's a ladder forthe attic!""Yeah, an' what we gonna do up in the attic, hah, kid?" Nickie asked.
"Even if there wasn't no bars to them winders up there, what'd we do,hah?""Did I say I knew what we'd do? Ain't it sump'n that we found sump'n?Gee whiz, it's sump'n that the ladder gets us _somewheres_, even ifit's the attic where we can't do anything.
"Nickie's keen, smiling eyes had already found something of interest onthe writing table.
 "A note to the big cheese, kid.
 It'sshort and sweet.
 C'mon, take a look.
"Skippy picked up the paper and read: "I got a great scheme early thismorning, boss, so I'm taking the Greeks to Pittsburgh--get me? Ithought no use hanging round here till you got back .
 I could havethings moving, maybe even over by that time.
 I won't hog the price onaccount of what you said but I thought I can kill two birds with onestone.
 I can have two Greek sons as well as one, can't I? Now, I'mgoing so I'll see you when I get back.
" It was unsigned.
 "Still we don't know what their racket is,hah? There's a price an' I wonder what for? S'help me, kid, I'mstumped.
""Me too," Skippy admitted, opening the table drawer curiously andpeering inside.
 He drew out a small memorandum book and opened it.
 "If you wanna know what the price's for, this'lltell us, Nickie.
 Gee whiz, here's prices _an' how_! He's got a pricefor us.
""You're crazy!" Nickie said.
 "A price for us?"He soon saw with his own eyes that Devlin had listed boys, prices,dates and places over a period of several months.
 Also, it was quiteevident that there had been little variation in the means by which theycame into the man's dubious protection.
 Against Timmy Brogan's name waslisted a price of $2,500.
 At the top of a page, underlined in red, wasthe name of Tucker, who seemed to have been a $3,000 loss to Devlin.
Turning the next page, which bore a date two days old, the boys lookedat their own names.
 Nickie was rated at $3,000 and Skippy at $2,500.
Shorty and Biff were question-marked at $1,000, and in parentheses theprobable price of $500 each was printed.
"At three grand I'm the most expensive guy in the bunch," Nickielaughed nervously.
 "How you make it out?"Skippy shrugged.
 "You're askin' me! What's all these prices for usanyway, huh? Why do they all go from $500 to $3,000--what could it befor? Gee whiz, Nickie, we ain't gettin' anywheres with this.
""Don't I know it, kid? We should worry about what we don't know.
 Let'slook through the trunk an' the closet an' if that ain't no help, we'llgo up in the attic an' chase rats.
 "An' how!" he said.
 "If we can't get out we can givethe rats a break anyway, huh? Devlin might put a price on 'em if hecomes back an' finds 'em here.
"Without any definite motive, Skippy walked over to the back window andlooked out through a good-sized chink in the shutters where two of theslats had fallen out.
 A rain barrel stood just beneath the window, andon the surface of the water a green slime had gathered, an excellentplayground for mosquitoes.
He watched it for a moment, then with a sudden idea, he let thenotebook slip from his hands and saw it slide down the side of thebuilding and out of sight behind the rain-barrel.
"Say, you gone nuts?" Nickie exclaimed.
"I don't know," Skippy answered honestly.
 "I'm playin' a hunch--don'task me why! It was like--aw, you know what I mean, Nickie--like Fate!"It _was_ Fate--Skippy was to realize that before another twenty-fourhours had passed.
CHAPTER XIXHOPE IN THE ATTICShadows of early evening were beginning to creep over the silent swampland before the boys hit upon a practicable plan of escape.
 They hadhad two hours' hunt through the dust-choked attic, braving aseventy-five year accumulation of rubbish which generations of rats hadchewed and scattered to its four corners.
They found a trunk of ancient vintage that still held up sufficientlyto enable them to sit down and rest upon it.
 Before them, the frontattic window offered possibilities and they were discussing it pro andcon.
 Also, they had been able to open it and because it lacked shuttersthey enjoyed what was left of the daylight and welcomed the occasionaldamp, warm breeze that blew in.
Skippy had found in the rubbish a coil of rope that was in excellentcondition.
 Nickie had come upon what apparently had been the handle ofan antique iron pot, and the two discoveries had formed the nucleus oftheir present discussion.
The giant evergreen of poor Timmy's dream spread its lofty boughswithin a few yards of the small window.
 "That pot handle's strongenough to wedge out those bars, Nickie," Skippy was sayingthoughtfully.
 "It'll take maybe a coupla hours, 'cause I guess they'rein there pretty tight.
 When we get that done, I'll lasso that tree an'tie it pretty tight somewheres in here.
""I getcha, kid!" Nickie said enthusiastically.
 "We swing out along ithand over hand, hah? Then, when we hit a strong-lookin' branch we dropan' zip, we're on the ground fore we know it!""Yeah, that's it.
 It's the only way.
 We been all over this house an'this is the best we can do.
 It's work but ain't it worth it? Anyways, kid, let's put the bagon.
 We ain't had no chow all day, we been so busy turnin' this placeupside down.
 How about it?""Gee whiz, I most forgot I had a stomach--honest! I can't thinkanothin' but gettin' away.
 But I'm hungry, that's a fact.
 Even them canned beans'll taste like turkey tonight.
""_Beans!_" Skippy said disgustedly.
 "It'll be nice to eat sump'nbesides canned beans n' stale crackers n' coffee.
 Gee whiz, I likemilk, I do--cold, creamy milk!""Yeah, an' I like soup, kid.
 Nice, hot, creamy soup like my aunt makes.
""C'mon, Nickie, let's get eatin' an' get it over with!"Just as they descended the ladder they heard, far in the east, a lowrumble of thunder.
 Before they had started to feast on their beans,there was no doubt that a storm was fast approaching.
 The wind wasrising steadily and the swaying trees made eerie sounds which theycould plainly hear during frequent lapses of conversation.
"Hope it ain't gonna be like the other night," Skippy said earnestly.
"The room was hot but I shivered just the same.
 An' then Timmy havin'that dream an' screamin' like he did.
""Yeah, I was glad I was asleep.
 Outside this graveyard, there ain'tnothin' gives me the jitters worse'n a bad storm.
 Holy Smoke, I ain'tmyself then.
"There was a terrific clap of thunder and the wind screeched mockinglypast the kitchen windows.
 A shutter somewhere on the house creakeduneasily on its rusted hinges.
 The boys put down their coffee cups andlooked at each other.
"Takes a hard storm like this for clearin' the air," said Nickieprofoundly.
 "My aunt always says that.
 Remember since the other nightit's been so gloomy--ain't even seen no sun since we been here.
 Maybeit'll be clear tomorrer.
""Anyways, kid, will we beat it right off if we get them bars loosetonight?""Sure, if we get 'em loose.
 But it ain't gonna be so easy, Nickie.
"And it wasn't easy--not at all.
 They took turns at the top bar andafter an hour succeeded in making it yield only a little and on oneside at that.
 The lantern light was feeble and they dared not use twolamps at a time, for they had made the discovery before climbing to theattic that the oil supply which Frost had left them was too low to beused freely.
The wind screamed around under the eaves and presently blew the rainthrough the open window.
 Vainly, they tried to close it but having beenin disuse for so many years the frame had warped and Skippy soondecided that it would take a chisel and hammer to get results.
"How about them newspapers in the cellar, kid?" Nickie suggested.
 "Wecan pin 'em up against there while we work.
""Pin 'em with what? Gee whiz, use your bean.
""Yeah, you're right, kid.
 We gotta get wet an' like it.
""Not if you wanna quit till tomorrow.
 An' I don't like to do that,Nickie.
 Sump'n tells me do what we can tonight.
""Just's you say, kid.
 I'm gettin' so's I feel you're a reg'larmascot--see? I ain't doin' nothin' without you sayin' it's K.
"Skippy grinned and took his turn at the window.
 The thunder was rollingaway into the distance but the heat lightning blazed across the blacksky at frequent intervals.
 The moaning wind echoed back and forthmournfully and the rain made a hissing noise as it lashed the windowsill.
Fallon had pulled the trunk as near the window as possible.
 He made adoleful picture sitting there, the lantern held at arm's length so asto give Skippy light.
 His pale face was in a half-shadow and his narrowshoulders drooped dejectedly.
 Suddenly he looked up and his black eyeswere questioning.
"Hear a noise, kid?"Skippy stopped his tugging at the top bar and shook his head.
 "Whatkinda noise?""Like somebuddy runnin'.
 Maybe I'm crazy--just hearin' things.
""The wind an' the rain, I betcha," Skippy said, getting back to histask.
 "It'll last all night--I think it's gettin' cooler.
""Yeah, an' you'n me's gettin' wetter.
 We'll be plenty cool by the timewe get through.
 Gimme a whack at it now, hah?""Wait a minute.
 I ain't tired yet--it's loosened a little more.
 "Just on one side yet, hah? Holy smoke, at thatspeed.
" Then, suddenly: "Kid, I hear somebuddy! Somebuddy runnin'!"Before Skippy could answer they were startled by a cry that seemed tocome from the clearing.
[Illustration: "HE JUST STOOD WAITIN' FOR ME TO DROWN!"]CHAPTER XXTIMMY?Nickie jumped up and held the lantern high over their heads.
 Theylooked down into the clearing but for a long time the black night andthe screaming wind and rain obscured their vision.
 Skippy thought hesaw something moving but he wasn't sure.
Again a thin, piteous scream pierced the storm.
 _Nickie--Kid?_ Can'tyou guys hear me? It's _me_--_Timmy_!""_Timmy!_" Skippy shouted.
""Listen," came the cry, "I wanta tell you guys .
 that's why I comeback .
 I'm hurt--I don't know how I found this place, honest!Somethin' made my feet run this way so's I could tell you .
 he's gotno heart .
""We'll come down, Timmy--in front!" Skippy shouted.
 "Downstairs!""It won't do no good!" came the answer.
 "You can't get out unless heleaves you--then beat it for your life!" There was a pause, then:"Frost .
 where's he?""He ain't here, Timmy!" Nickie cried, finding his voice.
 He swung thelantern higher and then, for the first time, they could see the slightform swaying down by the evergreen tree.
"I just come back to tell you.
" Timmy's voice was a heart-rending sob.
"He's what I told you .
 it's a trick! He makes out somethin's wrongwith the car an' he makes me get behind the wheel n' tells me to stepon the gas an' come toward him.
 It's dark an' I see him standing thereup the road.
 I don't know .
 when I get most to him he jumps an'it's a bridge.
 I go right over in the car!" He groaned audibly.
"We gotta get out an' help you, Timmy!" Skippy cried.
"I'm goin' right away--you can't get out, you know you can't!" After apause, he cried: "Listen, it wasn't no accident--I hit my head on theway down an' in the water when I come up I yelled an' I knew he wasstandin' up on the bridge .
 he wouldn't help me .
 he just stoodwaitin' for me to drown I But I didn't .
 I grabbed a log an' pushedmyself up an' he didn't see me climb up.
""Where's _he_?" Nickie called nervously.
"He was up there--on the bridge--when I sneaked away through the trees.
 he acted like he was waitin' for a car to come along.
 I didn't meetany .
